supersoft speckled french terry makes this (tush covering!) turtleneck-sweatshirt hybrid the layering piece you'll want to wear to the gym, to lunch, to, well, everywhere this winter. loose fit. body length: 27 1/2. cotton. import.

consider this embroidered layer your new dressy sweatshirt this winter. slim fit. body length: 24. cotton. import.

slim american pima cotton oxford shirt with mechanical stretch at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's casual shirts. free shipping available.

off-the-shoulder foldover top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

ruffle plunge v-neck one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

strappy knit midi dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

mixed stripe t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

made from supersoft slub cotton and cut for a slightly slouchy fit, this t-shirt is a total summer must. (we made them in a bunch of colors, so feel free to stock up!) body length: front - 22 3/4, back: 24 3/4. cotton. machine wash. import.

an easy, heathered t-shirt with a cute, tie-back detail makes a great gift for mom, your roommate, your sister-in-law, you get the idea... slim fit. body length: 23. cotton/poly/slub jersey. machine wash. import. select stores.

if you've been wary of the bodysuit trend, here's the perfect place to start. much like a wrap dress or skirt, this ruffle-front silhouette is super-flattering. bonus: the tush shape means underwear lines are minimal, and that it's actually comfortable to wear. slim fit. body length: 26 1/4. cotton/elastane. import.

supersoft supima® tank at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

scoopneck tencel™ t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

prinkshop for j.crew mama t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

classic striped t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

tank top in supima® cotton at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

you might be surprised when we say this, but...this wear-with-everything bodysuit is going to become your new favorite closet staple. it has a super-flattering tush shape for minimal underwear lines and easy, perfectly placed snaps. and it's as cute as it is comfortable—promise. slim fit. body length: 21 1/2. cotton/elastane. machine wash. import.

 ruffle-trimmed tie-front top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 tie-back tank top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 striped henley t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

the perfect card for your plant-loving lover from humdrum paper company. comes with a coordinating envelope and blank interior so all you need to do is add your own sweet sentiment!    **content**      - includes a card + envelope      - paper    - made in the usa    **size**      - card dimensions: 4.5"w x 6.25"l       - envelope dimensions: 4.75"w x 6.5"l     

restore + rejuvenate problem skin with this acne-fighting serum created by the skincare pros at mario badescu. lighweight formula absorbs quickly with a blend of salicylic acid and thyme extract to clarify, balance, hydrate and exfoliate complexion to soft, clear perfection. use after cleansing + toning in the evening. apply a thin layer on acne-prone areas, avoiding eye area.  **content + care**    - ingredients: aqua (water, eau), glycerin, triethanolamine, isopropyl alcohol, salicylic acid, propylene glycol, carbomer, thymus vulgaris (thyme) leaf extract, sodium chloride, methylparaben, propylparaben, diazolidinyl urea, ci 19140 (yellow 5), ci 15985 (yellow 6)    - made in the usa    **size**    - 1 fl oz

french-girl-cool with this vintage felt beret that’s been expertly sourced by our renewal team. slouchy silhouette with a banded edge to stay secure.  **about urban renewal vintage**    - original vintage pieces, no two are exactly alike    - worn vintage pieces, they come to you in their original form    - though similar to what you see here, the item you receive may vary slightly in wear    **content + care**    - felt    - spot clean    - imported    **size**    - circumference: 22”  

limited to 1500 copies on uo-exclusive yellow vinyl, dont smile at me is the debut full-length album by singer-songwriter billie eilish. produced by her brother, it's full of brooding hip hop beats and gloomy, ethereal vocals. features the singles ocean eyes, bellyache + watch. 2017, interscope.        **tracklisting**    1 . copycat    2 . idontwannabeyouanymore    3 . my boy    4 . watch     5 . party favor    6 . bellyache    7 . ocean eyes    8 . hostage  

j.crew playa newport super-scoopback one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

deep v-neck french bikini top in leopard print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

slub cotton ringer t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

smocked off-the-shoulder bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

featuring a retro-inspired silhouette, this high rise bikini bottom nips in the waist for a flattering fit. bonus: this magical palm print we designed in-house! polyamide/elastane. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import. online only.

 j.crew playa laguna ruched one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 seersucker off-the-shoulder bikini top with rickrack at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 underwire piqué nylon bikini top with rickrack at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 french cross-back bikini top in classic stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

a super glam one-piece with flattering vertical stripes and a sexy lace-up neckline—the deep scoopback means it looks good from all angles. moderate coverage. polyamide/elastane. shelf bra. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import. online only.

 string bikini bottom in liberty® alpine pasture at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 cropped rash guard in nautical stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa venice ruched bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 high-waisted bikini bottom in matte gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 t-shirt dress in nautical stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 shelly body cardigan at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

 deep v-neck french bikini topin liberty® floral symphony at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 marysia™ antibes bikini bottom in watercolor stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa key west halter bikini top with trim at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

dropped shoulders and slightly slouchy fit make this sporty marled-cotton cardigan feel a little more polished. loose fit. hits below hip. body length: 30. cotton/acrylic. machine wash. import. online only.

 wrap top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's active knits. free shipping available.

 breathe tank top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's active knits. free shipping available.

 french cross-back bikini top in classic stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 plunge v-neck bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 women's 1993 underwire one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 surf hipster bikini botton in happy seersucker at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 tie-back scoop bikini top in sunshine stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

mother's day gifts: she says she doesn't want anything, but we know better by now

rose bralette in true denim  absurdly soft viscose blend  hint of spandex to keep things in place thick and soft bra band for ultimate comfort

boutique cookies chez urban outfitters. notre collection unique offre les derniers styles et tendances pour vous de magasiner ici.

vous aurez une peau hâlée grâce à un masque en tissu des experts en bronzage de st. tropez. ce masque en tissu pratique facile à appliquer sur le visage contient de l'autobronzant avec de l'acide hyaluronique très hydratant pour vous donner un éclat d'apparence saine et fraîche. vous aurez un hâle entier en 8 heures avec un éclat subtil immédiat. laissez agir durant 5 minutes pour un hâle léger et jusqu'à 15 minutes pour un bronzage intense naturel.   **composition et entretien**    - ingrédients: eau, dihydroxyacétone, pentylène glycol, glycereth-26, glycérine, éther méthylique bis-peg-15 de diméthicone, propanediol, isomérat de saccharide, huile de ricin hydrogénée peg-40, phénoxyéthanol, métabisulfite de sodium, gomme de xanthane, 1,hexane-2-diol, allantoïne, acide caprylhydroxamique, fragrance, citrate, butylphényl méthylpropional, citronellol, limonène, géraniol. masque : 100 % lyocell  **taille**      - 1 masques en tissu 

jouez d'audace avec ce mascara extrême de stila. conçu pour vous donner les cils les plus longs et audacieux qui soient en une seule application, qui procure instantanément volume, longueur, courbure, élévation et une pigmentation noire intense. même après de multiples applications, le mélange reste souple et superposable, laissant les cils doux, sans s'agglutiner et sans écaillement ni bavure. brosse courbée à poils ondulés, pour imiter la forme de l'œil et épouser chaque cil, permettant une application très facile.  **composition et entretien**    - ingrédients: eau (aqua), paraffine, gomme de gommier blanc, cire d'abeille artificielle, stéarate de glycéryle, acide stéarique, butanediol, acide palmitique, polybutène, cire d'extrait de son de riz (oryza sativa cera), ozokérite, copolymère vp/eicosène, huile végétale hydrogénée,cire de carnauba (copernicia cerifera cera), aminométhyl propanol, phénoxyéthanol, stéarate de stéaryle, glycérine, hydroxyéthylcellulose, éthylènediaminetétraacétate de disodium, ethylhexylglycérine, polyester-11, cellulose, pvp, trimethylpentanédiol/acide adipique/polymère croisé de glycérine, acétyle hexapeptide-1, dextran, (+/-) noir 2 (ci 77266) [nano], oxydes de fer (ci 77499), pigments de bleu d'outremer (ci 77007)    - importé    **taille**    - 0.44 oz  

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated lion ring at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 striped thong in microfiber at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 women's tretorn® tournament net for j.crew sneakers at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

 petite dreamy cotton pajama set in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's loungewear. free shipping available.

 striped hipster in microfiber at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 french bralette in point d'esprit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 superga® 2790 platform sneakers at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

 point sur tiered skirt in mixed eyelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 new balance® for j.crew in-transit pullover in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 wrap-around sandals in liberty® floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sandals. free shipping available.

 point sur seaside pant in linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 new balance® for j.crew in-transit pullover in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 striped straw market tote at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 stylish slides featuring a zig-zag embroidery in a sunny, tropical color palette to reflect the inspiration of the season: trancoso, brazil-meets-positano, italy. a handmade pom-pom adds a touch of whimsy and personality. these shoes are handmade by skilled artisans in india.    details leather  embroidered upper handmade pom-pom details handmade in india  

 the ideal mix of comfortable and chic. this pant’s drawstring waist, elastic back and wide leg makes for an ultra-flattering look. and while these are long and fluid, hitting at the floor, they are very easy to hem. the fringe detail adds oomph to a classic style for a strong finish.   details silk crepe de chine drawstring waist  wide leg invisible side slit zipper handmade tassels fringe detail elastic at back made in india dry clean

 a classic loose kaftan shape with special details: from intricate embroidery sewn across seams to 59 handmade tassels. the gelato-like colors reflect the inspiration of the collection: positano, italy mixed with trancoso, brazil.    details cotton viscose crepe 59 handmade tassels relaxed fit hits below knee made in india dry clean

 the cotton citizen cobain joggers are handcrafted in los angeles. these pants have a drawstring waistband which offers flexibility of fit and its soft french terry interior ensures maximum comfort. french-terry,100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

our cotton citizen t-shirts are hand crafted in los angeles from ultra soft cotton-jersey with contrasting dyes for subtle contemporary attitude. this unique piece will become a casual favorite. 100-supima,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 cotton citizen aspen sweats are handcrafted in los angeles. this ultra soft fleece sweatshirt features a classic and relaxed fit that will never go out of style. autumn-fleece,100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

these shimmery sheers illuminate your leg with a perfecting sheen for a flawless, airbrushed look.  and best of all, they have commando's signature, patented, raw-cut waistband. product details   luxury microfiber blend﻿ (76% nylon, 24% spandex) patented dig-free raw-cut microfiber control waistband (72% nylon, 28% spandex) cotton lined gusset if between sizes, size up hand wash usa constructed   item hf05

our custom embroidery on soft european mesh takes this collection to the next level. the back of this bralette is too beautiful not to show off. all sale items are final sale. make it a set! check out the crown embroidered thong.  ﻿product details  made from luxury european microfiber (72% nylon, 28% spandex) with embroidered mesh (13% spandex, 28% polyester, 59% nylon) racerback custom embroidered usa constructed  item bra213

these shimmery sheers illuminate your leg with a perfecting sheen for a flawless, airbrushed look.  and best of all, they have commando's signature, patented, raw-cut waistband. ﻿all sale items are final sale. product details   luxury microfiber blend﻿ (76% nylon, 24% spandex) patented dig-free raw-cut microfiber control waistband (72% nylon, 28% spandex) cotton lined gusset if between sizes, size up hand wash usa constructed   item hf05

zarte, offene creolen von estella bartlett mit herzanhänger und steckverschluss.  **inhalt und pflege**    - verschiedene metalle    - nur abwischen 

 tall tie-front linen shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 slim perfect shirt in end-on-end cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall classic-fit boy shirt in red-and-blue stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall button-up peplum top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite button-up peplum top in star print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 lucie suede pumps at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

 evie ballet flats in denim at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

 petite stretch tailored perfect bodysuit in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

our most comfortable ballet flat ever—and here's the secret, according to our design team: a cushiony, flexible rubber sole, elastic details for a just-right fit and the teeniest amount of lift—that actually makes a big difference. oh, and not to mention, they're adorable. cotton/polystyrene upper. synthetic lining. rubber sole. import. select stores.

 audrey flats in suede at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

this flirty above-the-knee skirt features a ruffly hem and a mens-y pattern, and pairs perfectly with your favorite pair of ankle boots or flats. sits at waist. 16 1/2 long. falls above knee. wool. on-seam pockets. elastic back waistband. lined. dry clean. import.

 short-sleeve button-up shirt in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

a pretty wrap-front top in a drapey fabric is the perfect desk-to-dinner pick. body length: 24 3/4. poly. machine wash. import. online only.

 tall popover shirt in terrier print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite slim perfect shirt in cross-dyed irish linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall stretch perfect shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

in terms of hands-down closet essentials, our boy shirt ranks up there with blue jeans, chinos and little black dresses. featuring a boyfriend-inspired fit that's tailored especially for you, this one sports a fun, confetti-inspired plaid we love. body length: 27 1/4. cotton/elastane. machine wash. import. online only.

bracelet tressé qui rappelle l'amour, par venessa arizaga. lettres en céramique et perle arc-en-ciel autour d'un cordon coloré. fermeture ajustable et ornée d'une breloque à logo plaquée argent vieilli. tous les articles venessa arizaga sont faits à la main à new york.  **composition et entretien**    - polyester, céramique, laiton plaqué    - nettoyage des taches    - fabriqué aux é.-u.  **taille**    - longueur : 6 po, rallonge de 2 po    - largeur : 0.13 po

 drapey popover at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

a supersoft t-shirt with a vintage-inspired graphic—no boating license required. body length: 24 1/4. cotton. machine wash. import.

 contrast ribbed turtleneck at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 women's 1984 rugby shirt in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 laser-cut eyelet tunic at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 cropped rash guard in nautical stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

80 degrees and sunny exists (almost) solely for this beach tunic crafted in lightweight, rumpled cotton. cotton. machine wash. import. select stores.

 reversible lowrider bottom in liberty® edenham floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swim. free shipping available.

 straight bandeau one-piece swimsuit in matte gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

easy, perfectly placed snaps and a superflattering tush shape (for minmal underwear lines) ensure that this delicate, drapey bodysuit will become your new go-to. body length: 21 3/4. cotton/spandex. machine wash. import.

 crewneck sweatshirt in pinstripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 ruched bandeau one-piece swimsuit in ratti® rio floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 cropped long-sleeve t-shirt at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa rockaway ruched one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 string bikini bottom in tiny bouquet floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 ruffle surf hipster bikini bottom in liberty® june's meadow floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 prinkshop for j.crew mama t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 sz blockprints™ for j.crew kitty top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 girls' watermelon face t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' tops. free shipping available.

 girls' watermelon overnight bag at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.



 boys' short-sleeve ringer henley shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tees. free shipping available.

 boys' long-sleeve pocket t-shirt in the softest jersey at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tees. free shipping available.

 boys' boys' knit boxers in granite at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' underwear. free shipping available.

 boys' short-sleeve ringer henley shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tees. free shipping available.

 boys' board short in geometric print at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' swimwear. free shipping available.

 boys' cashmere popover hoodie at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

our just-like-dad's stanton short, now with all of our favorite prints (think stripes and gingham). it doesn't get much more fun than that! cotton. internal adjustable elastic waistband. belt loops. zip fly. sizes 2-7 have faux button with easy-slide hook-and-bar closure; sizes 8-16 have button closure. slant pockets, back welt pockets. machine wash. import. select stores.

 the cotton citizen manhattan crop zip hoodie was handcrafted in los angeles. this french terry sweatshirt features a comfortable and relaxed fit with a zip front + hood, metallic dip dyed sleeve details and a raw hem for subtle contemporary attitude. french-terry,100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 the cotton citizen manhattan high waisted trouser pants are the perfect modern sweatpant. featuring a front exposed zipper and trouser front pockets, these trousers are both comfortable and stylish. model is 5'10'' and wearing a us size s french-terry,100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

a loose-fitting yet flattering pant, with tassel trim for a touch of personality and a nod to the season's inspiration: janis joplin. a side zipper creates an optional leg slit, changing them from conservative to sexy in one pull.     details double viscose georgette drawstring waist elastic back, flat front adjustable side leg zipper striped ivory/navy side trim with fringed edge 

our cotton citizen t-shirts are hand crafted in los angeles from ultra soft cotton-jersey with contrasting dyes for subtle contemporary attitude. this unique piece will become a casual favorite. 100-supima,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 a favorite dress for its flattering shape and day-to-evening vibes. the removable belt, adjustable sleeve and mixed, placed prints make it a slimming style. throw it on and channel our inspiration of the season: the elegance and eccentricity of artist frida kahlo.   details cotton voile removable belt hook-and-eye closure elastic sleeve hem handmade pom-pom details full length made in india dry clean

 boys' baltimore orioles jersey at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 boys' los angeles dodgers baseball t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 braided leather belt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

 boys' philadelphia phillies jersey at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 boys' new york mets jersey at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 boys' washington nationals t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 boys' san francisco giants t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 boys' chicago cubs t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 boys' new york mets jersey at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

mit diesen handschuhen von iets frans..., die sich perfekt für den winter eignen, kannst du dank der speziellen fingerspitzen problemlos deinen touchscreen bedienen. die gerippten bündchen sorgen für einen perfekten sitz.  **inhalt und pflege**    - acryl    - maschinenwäsche 

mit dem natürlichen deo von schmidt's ist es jetzt noch einfacher, auf natürliche weise fantastisch zu riechen. die preisgekrönte formel enthält keine schlechten inhaltsstoffe wie parabene oder phthalate und sorgt einfach für ein frisches, trockenes gefühl, während sie gerüche fernhält. ein echter gewinner, handgefertigt im pazifischen nordwesten.   **inhalt und pflege**    - mit lavendel und salbei: maranta arundinacea (pfeilwurz) pulver, cocos nucifera (kokos) öl, euphorbia cerifera (candelilla) wachs, butyrospermum parkii (sheabutter), natriumbicarbonat (backpulver), caprylic/capric triglyceride (fraktioniertes kokosnussöl), lavandula (lavendel) ätherisches öl, salvia sclarea (muskatellersalbei) ätherisches öl, tocopherol (vitamin e), camellia sinensis (grüntee) extrakt    - geruchsfreie inhaltsstoffe: maranta arundinacea (pfeilwurz) pulver, cocos nucifera (kokos) öl, euphorbia cerifera (candelilla) wachs, butyrospermum parkii (sheabutter), natriumbicarbonat (backpulver), caprylic/capric triglyceride (fraktioniertes kokosnussöl), tocopherol (vitamin e), camellia sinensis (grüntee) extrakt    - mit ylang-ylang und ringelblume: maranta arundinacea (pfeilwurz) pulver, cocos nucifera (kokos) öl, euphorbia cerifera (candelilla) wachs, butyrospermum parkii (sheabutter), natriumbicarbonat (backpulver), caprylic/capric triglyceride (fraktioniertes kokosnussöl), cananga odorata (ylang-ylang) ätherisches öl, calendula officinalis (ringelblume) ätherisches öl, tocopherol (vitamin e), camellia sinensis (grüntee) extrakt    - mit zedernholz und wacholder: maranta arundinacea (pfeilwurz) pulver, cocos nucifera (kokos) öl, euphorbia cerifera (candelilla) wachs, butyrospermum parkii (sheabutter), natriumbicarbonat (backpulver), caprylic/capric triglyceride (fraktioniertes kokosnussöl), cedrus deodara (himalaya-zedernholz) ätherisches öl, juniperus (wacholder) ätherisches öl, tocopherol (vitamin e), camellia sinensis (grüntee) extrakt    - mit bergamotte und limette: maranta arundinacea (pfeilwurz) pulver, cocos nucifera (kokos) öl, euphorbia cerifera (candelilla) wachs, butyrospermum parkii (sheabutter), natriumbicarbonat (backpulver), triglyceride (fraktioniertes kokosnussöl), citrus bergamia (bergamotte) ätherisches öl, citrus aurantifolia (limette) ätherisches öl, tocopherol (vitamin e), camellia sinensis (grüntee) extrakt  **grösse**    - 2,65 oz

achieve peace + zen with a donut by your side, just like homer with this simpsons-themed figurine.  **content + care**    - vinyl    - wipe clean    - imported    **size**    - dimensions: 3”l x 3”w x 3”h  

mit dieser in italien hergestellten, luxuriösen rasiercreme der marke proraso genießt du eine unglaublich sanfte rasur. die extrem erfrischende formel aus eukalyptusöl und menthol beruhigt, strafft und kühlt. trag das produkt in kreisenden, massierenden bewegungen auf das gesicht auf und du erhältst einen weichen bart und genießt eine sehr unkomplizierte rasur.  **inhalt und pflege**      - inhaltsstoffe: wasser (aqua/eau), stearinsäure, kokosöl (cocos nucifera), kaliumhydroxid, natriumhydroxid., glyzerin, milchsäure, n-lauroylsarcosin, menthol, kampfer, cineol, blattöl des blauen eukalyptus (eucalyptus globulus), pentaerythrityl tetra-di-t-butyl hydroxyhydrocinnamate, natriummetasilicat, tetrasodium edta, hydroxyethylzellulose, n-(hydroxymethyl)glycin, geraniol, duftstoffe (parfum)    **grösse**    - 5,07 oz  

the sixth studio album from miley cyrus, younger now is available here on vinyl. the album was released in 2017, following her experimental fifth album miley cyrus & her dead petz. includes a guest appearance by dolly parton and features the singles younger now + malibu. 2017, rca.    **tracklisting**     1 . younger now   2 . malibu    3 . rainbowland feat. dolly parton   4 . week without you   5 . miss you so much   6 . i would die for you   7 . thinkin'     8 . bad mood   9 . love someone   10 . she's not him   11 . inspired  

mario badescu's facial spray with aloe, herbs and rosewater is a refreshing, hydrating mist formulated with fragrant herbs for an instant burst of refreshment and hydration. just spray on dehydrated, tight and uncomfortable skin, day or night - works well over and under makeup, as well as on hair. made by mario badescu, the legendary brand beloved for skin care solutions that seriously work.  **content + care**      - ingredients: aqua (water, eau), propylene glycol, aloe barbadensis leaf juice, rosa canina extract, thymus vulgaris (thyme) leaf extract, fucus vesiculosus extract, gardenia florida fruit extract, caprylyl glycol, hexylene glycol, polysorbate 20, parfum (fragrance), phenoxyethanol, sodium chloride, citronellol, geraniol, ci 17200 (red 33), ci 42090 (blue 1)  **size**      - 8 oz  

elegant candle from maison la bougie in a truly tropical scent. topped with a banana leaf motif + perfect for illuminating any space.  **scent**    - mint, lemon, lime, basil, blackcurrant & thyme    **content + care**    - burns for ~49 hours    - wax, glass    - wipe clean    **size**    - height: 10cm  - diameter: 7.5cm

re-release of the 1984 classic from beloved performer prince - an essential record everyone needs in their collection. focused, ambitious and full of standout tracks, this stunning album made prince a legendary household name.      **track list:**   1 . let's go crazy   2 . take me with u   3 . beautiful ones   4 . computer blue   5 . darling nikki   6 . when doves cry   7 . i would die 4 u   8 . baby i'm a star   9 . purple rain

 tippi sweater at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

 edie full-length lined trouser in italian two-way stretch wool at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's suit separates. free shipping available.

 cotton jackie cardigan in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

 long open cardigan sweater at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

we partnered with our friends at new balance to bring you our first-ever collection of workout clothes—in techy fabrics and unique colors and prints. this vest features nb heat fabric that holds in warmth when temperatures are everything but. athletic fit. regular one-way zipper (not two-way as pictured). poly. machine wash. import. select stores.

 high-waisted leggings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's active knits. free shipping available.

 opaque tights at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's socks. free shipping available.

 ankle sock three-pack in gingham fruit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's socks. free shipping available.

 ankle boot sock in rugby stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's socks. free shipping available.

 opaque tights at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's socks. free shipping available.

 tall ruffle mini skirt in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 pleated midi skirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 petite tiered midi skirt in cotton poplin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 petite ruffle mini skirt in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 strappy lady sandals in metallic gold at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sandals. free shipping available.

 bermuda short in stretch linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shorts. free shipping available.

a comfy linen short with floral embroidered trim is the easiest, dare we say cutest, style out there... for more ways to wear it, watch our style hacks video now. sits at hip. 4 inseam. linen. dry clean. import.

 circle straw tote in colorblock at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 water-resistant pouch in waves at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 tall v-neck sheath dress  in lemon jacquard at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 sheath dress in spotted tweed at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 sheath dress in tweed at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 portfolio dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 v-neck sheath dress  in lemon jacquard at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite j.crew mercantile easy wrap dress in seventies floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 j.crew mercantile easy wrap dress in seventies floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall all-over eyelet dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall portfolio dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall drapey wrap-back jumpsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite j.crew mercantile cap-sleeve midi dress in superbloom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 j.crew mercantile ruched-waist dress in vintage floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall j.crew mercantile drapey tie-front dress in french floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite tie-waist shirtdress in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite eyelet flutter-hem dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite long-sleeve sheath dress at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

a thick, holds-you-in knit fabric and a sleek long-sleeve silhouette makes this style the perfect 30-second outfit (for work, after work and more). just add tights and voilà. p.s. we think the tulle trim is a pretty, holiday-ready touch too. falls above knee. length: 34 from high point of shoulder. viscose/poly/elastane. back zip. machine wash. import. online only.

 new signature leggings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's active knits. free shipping available.

 point d'esprit hipster at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 tall point sur seaside pant in linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

a classic cami updated with madewell's signature strawberry print and a cutout front to show off a sliver of skin. we'll be wearing this top with skirts, cutoffs, basically everything summer. body length: 17 1/8. fitted. cotton. machine wash. import. online only.

 the tall downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's outerwear. free shipping available.

the coolest way to dress up sans an actual dress: these silk pull-on pants with an adjustable ribbon tie and a straight, cropped leg. featuring a print from london's liberty art fabrics, the british print house famous since 1875 for its signature florals and paisleys. p.s. even better when paired with the matching top. sits above hip. fitted through hip and thigh with a straight, cropped leg. front rise: 10 3/4; 26 inseam; 22 leg opening (based on size 25). 100% silk. elastic waistband. dry clean. import. select stores.

 leopard print underwire bralette in microfiber at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's loungewear. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated wire bracelets at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bracelets. free shipping available.

 pineapple ring at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 dreamy cotton pajama set in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's loungewear. free shipping available.

 garment-dyed chino swing jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 the tall downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's outerwear. free shipping available.

 striped thong in microfiber at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 tipped pajama shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's lounge. free shipping available.

 superga® 2750 classic sneakers at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

you asked, we answered: introducing our new intimates collection, featuring very comfy, very pretty bras and undies that are based off of our best-selling swim fits. now, the details... the printed microfiber is stretchy, comfortable and slightly sheer, while the underwire fit provides a little lift and no lining or padding for an oh-so-natural silhouette. please note: this style runs small, so we recommend ordering one size larger than your normal size. nylon/spandex. convertible, adjustable straps. back hook. hand wash. import. select stores.

 knit pajama set in stripe at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's lounge. free shipping available.

 tall easy pant stretch linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.



 petite slim perfect shirt in liberty® d'anjo floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

découvrez l'arôme fruité et épicé des bougies de la maison la bougie. crée une ambiance parfaite !  **contenu + soins**    - cire, verre    - facile à nettoyer   **taille**    - 10 cm x 8 cm    - 190 g

ensemble de colliers de style vintage, en exclusivité chez uo. collier double rang avec breloque disque et collier double rang avec pierreries et perles fantaisie. à porter seul ou combinés pour varier votre look.  **contenu + soins**    - ensemble de 2 colliers, chacun composé de 2 rangs    - alliages    - facile à nettoyer    **taille**    - longueur du premier collier : 38 cm 

vos parfums pf candle co.préférés sont disponibles en bâtons d'encens. embaument votre intérieur d'un parfum vivifiant.  **parfum **    - golden coast : eucalyptus, air salin, citron vert, lavande blanche, sauge, séquoia, sapin, palo santo  **contenu**    - contient 15 bâtons d'encens 

ce gobelet frais et fruité en forme de pastèque avec une paille entortillée est parfait pour les fêtes. modèle isolant et facile à porter avec un couvercle hermétique idéal lorsque vous glissez sur un toboggan. en matériel alimentaire. n'est pas adapté au lave-vaisselle, four ou micro-ondes. uniquement disponible ici à urban outfitters.  **contenu + soins**    - gobelet et paille    - plastique    - lavage à la main    **taille**    - 16 onces 

taie d'oreiller en coton avec imprimé texte taille standard. parfait pour la décoration de la chambre. ensemble de 2 taies d'oreiller.  **contenu + soins**    - comprend 2 taies d'oreiller    - coton    - lavage en machine    **taille**    - 5 cm x 50 cm

lot de chaussettes par wrangler. comprend deux paires de chaussettes de sport années 80. chaque paire est dotée d'un motif rayé. bords côtelés pour un style rétro.  **contenu + soins**    - comprend 2 paires       - coton, élasthanne    - lavage en machine

chaussettes élégantes par lacoste avec le logo crocodile emblème de la marque. socquettes en maille côtelée.  **contenu + soins**    - fibres mixtes    - lavage en machine 

montre élégante et polyvalente par cheapo. bracelet en cuir végétal marron, cadran en métal doré qui met en valeur le design raffiné et minimaliste de la mini khorshid.   **contenu + soins**    -  métal, cuir    -  facile à nettoyer  

boxers unis stretch par calvin klein. ceinture élastiquée avec logo pour un look classique.  **contenu + soins**    - comprend 3 paires    - coton, élasthanne    - lavage en machine 

 wrap dress in 365 crepe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 j.crew mercantile easy wrap dress in blue-and-white daisies at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite tie-waist knit shirtdress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 sleeveless shirtdress in cotton poplin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 all-over eyelet dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 frame clutch in satin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 orange coin purse at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 tall portfolio dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall bell-sleeve sheath in stretch ponte at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite perfect sheath dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

a feminine sheath dress in our super 120s wool. what makes it so super is the measure of the fiber: the higher the number, the finer the fiber, and 120 is one of the finest, with a silky-smooth finish and a refined look. falls to knee, 41 1/4 from high point of shoulder. wool. dry clean. import. select stores.

a flattering sheath dress with a wide, waist-nipping belt, made from our signature four-season super 120s merino wool—now in pinstripes. what makes it so super? 120 is the measure of the fiber: the higher the number, the finer the fiber, and 120 is one of the finest with a silky-smooth finish and a refined drape. falls below knee, 42 1/4 from high point of shoulder (based on size 6). wool. lined. dry clean. import. online only.

 petite portfolio dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

this wide-leg jumpsuit with flattering tie at the waist is crafted in polished wool and can be worn on its own now, or underneath your favorite blazer later. 31 inseam. wool. dry clean. import. online only.

 point sur embroidered flutter-sleeve midi dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall sheath dress in spotted tweed at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.



paper cups topped with a boho-inspired graphic are perfect to have on-hand for any party of celebration! includes 12 paper cups in 2 designs.  **content + care**    - contains 12 cups    - paper    **size**    - 12oz 

mini crucifix necklace from british jewellery brand chained + able. features a gold-tone pendant on a fine chain and finished with a ring fastening closure to the reverse.   **content + care**    - brass, zinc    - wipe clean    **size**    - chain length: 50.8cm/20”

set of three stretch-cotton boxer trunks from calvin klein. each topped with a colourful branded elastic waistband.  **content + care**    - includes 3 pairs    - cotton, elastane    - machine wash  



  made by soko, a kenyan jewelry company cast recycled brass handmade!

introducing the boyfriend v: loose, casual, good for tucking in.



 cropped long-sleeve rash guard in ratti® rossignol floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa maui ruffle bikini bottom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 crewneck long-sleeve bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

back in 2004, we set out to replicate one of our favorite thrift-store t-shirts, and the result is our vintage cotton—now in sparkly metallic—famous for its heathered texture and softness. since it's so featherweight, we recommend taking extra care when washing: treat it like you would lingerie, not gym gear. slightly loose fit. body length: 25 1/2. cotton. machine wash. import. online only. this item is super-sparkly, but you can't really tell until you see it in person.

 longline wrap bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 tie-back tank top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 j.crew 365 stretch tank bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

everybody loves a flattering wrap top, so we made one to swim in. added bonus: the pretty ruffled neckline and pretty floral print created by sz blockprints founder, sarah zellweger (with an assist from artisan block printers in jaipur, india).  note: because these pieces are 100 percent printed by hand, slight variations in the placement of the patterns are to be expected (and, we think, part of the charm!). polyamide/elastane. adjustable shoulder straps. tie closure. removable padding. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

 pocket t-shirt bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 slub cotton ringer t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

a vintage-inspired pullover complete with bleach splatters and a retro graphic—no boating license required. body length: 24 3/4. cotton. machine wash. import.

a feminine sweatshirt, thanks to ties at the sleeves for a cute take on a classic. loose fit. body length: 23. cotton/poly. machine wash. import.

 underwire scoopback one-piece swimsuit in tiny bouquet floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa printed miami string bikini bottom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa printed malibu side-tie bikini bottom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 women's 1989 scoopneck bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew playa newport super-scoopback one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

words to dress by, especially when you're in the mood to cool things off... this tee is the perfect way to express both your beverage preferences and your overall vibe. body length: 25. cotton. machine wash. import.

 slim perfect tank top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 tie-shoulder linen top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 swimmers t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 adidas® gazelle® sneakers at j.cew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 slim light wash stretch chambray shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's casual shirts. free shipping available.

 light wash stretch chambray shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's casual shirts. free shipping available.

 braided belt in rugged leather at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's belts. free shipping available.

 ludlow weekender bag at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

 black onyx sterling silver tuxedo studs at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

 eyeglass case in italian leather at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's bags. free shipping available.

 770 straight-fit jean in collins wash at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's denim. free shipping available.



 cape sunglasses at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

 short-sleeve dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 tall 8 inch toothpick jean in medium wash at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jeans. free shipping available.

 denim wrap jacket in deep indigo wash at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 tall 8 inch toothpick jean in medium wash at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jeans. free shipping available.

 white denim skirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 oversized denim jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 petite pull-on toothpick jean in indigo at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jeans. free shipping available.

 point sur vintage patch-pocket cropped jean in light wash at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jeans. free shipping available.

 point sur wide-leg crop jean in blue at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jeans. free shipping available.

 everyday cashmere colorblock long cardigan at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

 everyday cashmere wrapped cardigan at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

 collection petite leather leggings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 tall point sur high-rise slim boyfriend jean in destructed white denim at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jeans. free shipping available.

 parke blazer in two-way stretch cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's suit separates. free shipping available.

weddings and weekends (and everything in between), say hello to the easiest maxi dress yet. made from a crinkly chiffon blend fabric, it's not only super flattering, it's incredibly comfy too.  bonus: the pretty floral print will make this a springtime favorite. falls below knee. poly. machine wash. import. online only.

our mom & me nail polish duo comes with a polish for her and a polish for you in colors that we handpicked from nailmatic (an amazing brand of nontoxic nail polish that's made in france). bonus: nailmatic's kids' polish comes off with a little warm water and soap, so no need for harsh nail polish removers. not suitable for children under 3. made in france.

 tall women's 2011 blythe shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.





 girls' short-sleeve pajama set in hearts at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' sleepwear. free shipping available.

 girls' pajama set in cat print at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' sleepwear. free shipping available.



 girls' everyday leggings in metallic at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' pants. free shipping available.

 girls' ice pop charm necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.

 girls' daisy headband at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.

 girls' beaded tassel necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.

 girls' sz blockprints™ for crewcuts cropped tankini set at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' swimwear. free shipping available.





 girls' handkerchief dress in paisley at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.

designer notes: the joan bikini bottom is made from italian lycra with applied stripes in different color bindings. this high waist style has great coverage, while still feeling cool and sexy.  italian lycra, 71% pa 29% ea, fully lined, colored stripe bindings, enamel "ml" logo, dollhouse clutch included, hand wash cold with delicate wash, dry flat *top sold separately* 

designer notes: the hailey pant is made from a super soft washed cashmere. trimmed with a sparkly lurex yarn knitted into the rib, hailey has wonderful detail. the relaxed sweat-pant fit and cozy style will make you never want to take them off!  100% cashmere, lurex yarn in rib, embroidered ml logo, cotton ribbon drawstring, elastic waist, pockets, hand wash in cold water with cashmere shampoo, do not tumble dry or use any other soaps

designer notes: printed with watercolor antique broaches painted by morgan herself, ashton is a true treasure. complete with a gunmetal ring at the back and suspender straps. printed italian lycra, 71% pa 29% ea, fully lined, covered elastic straps, shiny gunmetal ring, hand wash cold with delicate wash, dry flat



topo roverpack

a great alternative to a classic khaki, the zach features a handsome wash in our signature straight-leg, 5-pocket fit. the premium cotton twill fabrication offers an ultra-comfortable, lightweight fabrication making them perfect for all-day wear.  regular rise | straight leg 10.5” front rise 15” back rise 17.5” knee 16.5” bottom 97% cotton, 3% ea; 8.5 oz  fit details

 our classic straight leg zach features a roomy yet refined fit that looks great on men of all body types. the rinse kensington is a deep indigo wash in a lightweight stretch fabric. sleek and refined enough as workwear, effortlessly edgy to wear for a night out.   regular rise | straight leg  10.5” front rise  15” back rise  17.5” knee  16.5” bottom fit details  67% cotton, 33% polyester  10 oz 

every man needs a staple jean, one that he'll wear forever and will last a lifetime. our zach with its straight-leg silhouette fits comfortably from hip to hem for a clean and modern look. the classic dark kensington wash features a mercerized finish with cool fading from packet to knee. fit details   regular rise | straight leg 10.5” front rise 15” back rise 17.5” knee 16.5” bottom 67% cotton, 33% elastane 10 oz

introducing vanna our new short for summer. featuring the perfect lived-in medium wash with a sewn rolled hem that falls at a moderate point on the thigh, it's the perfect casual short to kick back in in sneakers or flats. with a touch of stretch in a lightweight fabric it'll be a go-to summer staple you'll want to live in.    denim shorts 65% cotton, 17% lyocell, 16% pes, 2% elastane, 10 oz 5 pockets 7.5" front rise 13" back rise 4" inseam rolled hems are tacked fit details

teal with multicolored, crochet & elastic trim.-poly/spandex, cotton, elastic.-top sold separately.-all kiinis are handmade by real people, so handle with care.-kiini does not currently accept domestic or international returns.-there is a 7day exchange policy for items purchased & shipped in the u.s. only. see our store policy for more information.-shipping internationally? please read our terms & conditions.

italian extra fine merino wool creme milano trousers. wide leg cropped pant. ribbed waistband. luxurious soft wool knit.

italian vegetable tanned leather brandy lace up classic oxford with vegetable tanned insole. flat heel. made in italy.

italian tumbled leather rococo mini bucket bag with raw interior. soft and unstructured. made in italy.

italian suede leather chocolate tassel loafer with calf leather insole. flat heel. made in italy.





island adventures await in the tropicana underwire top. designed with our signature lemon print, this flirty bikini top features a straight neckline, underwire cups and a double knot detail. pictured with the tropicana knot bottom.   straight neckline elongate underwire adjustable double back tie closure   

 the vanessa bralette is an everyday essential with a simple triangle fit, metallic scallop edge lace, adjustable straps and front gold heart closure. pictured with the vanessa thong.   metallic scallop trim adjustable straps front gold heart closure

 take a shine to the ornate and decadent brass details found in the snake choker. featuring vintage-inspired duo chain details and a snake embellishment, this unique statement choker adds mystery to any look. complete with a toggle closure.   black stone accents snake pendant toggle closure brass   

 whether you're feeling sweet or sultry, the romy undewire bra will satisfy everything in between. designed with a gorgeous polka dot stretch mesh, this underwire bra adds a touch of romance with ruffley organza stretch and an unlined finish. complete with a back hook and eye closure. pictured with the romy strappy thong and romy garter belt.   stretch mesh with flocked polka dots ruffley organza straps and trim back hook and eye closure

 whimsical floral embroidery and soft tulle make the noemi underwire bra effortlessly romantic. embellished with scallop edging and soft velvet trims, this feminine bra is complete with a floating underwire detail to provide support and an eye-catching element. pictured with the noemi illusion panty.   corded floral embroidery contrast velvet trim floating illusion v-wire double hook back closure

 the natalia midi dress is the perfect spring ensemble, no matter what your plans may be. designed with a sweet polka dot print, this feminine midi dress features a ruffled neckline, center front buttons and adjustable ties at the shoulders. complete with a tie waist closure and a flirty ruffled hemline.   ruffled neckline and hemline center front button detailing adjustable ties at shoulder spaghetti waist tie closure  lined dry clean only   

pounce on your day with this uo-exclusive tiger mug, perfect for coffee, tea or any other hot beverage. food safe; not suitable for the dishwasher, oven or microwave.      **content + care**     - ceramic          - hand wash         - imported      **size**     - 15 oz   

bright, dewy skin has never been easier than with this hydrating serum from australian brand, red earth. utilizes sea kelp + marine collagen to firm and brighten the appearance of skin. creating products for spontaneous souls, red earth is a beauty brand based in melbourne, australia. their line of makeup + skincare lets you make your own rules while embracing raw beauty, authenticity and a sense of adventure.  **how to use**    - apply 1-2 drops to cleansed + toned skin.    - smooth over face + neck.    **content + care**    - ingredients: aqua (water), glycerin, hydrolyzed collagen, sodium hyaluronate, squalane, butyrospermum parkii (shea butter), niacinamide, macadamia ternifolia seed oil, avena sativa extract, trehalose, urea, serine, cucumis sativus (cucumber) fruit extract, glyceryl stearate, pentylene glycol, fucus vesiculosus extract, macrocystis pyrifera extract, sucrose, sodium acrylates copolymer, lecithin, glyceryl polyacrylate, sucrose palmitate, ginkgo biloba leaf extract, mannan, algin, caprylyl glycol, pullulan, disodium phosphate, xanthan gum, potassium phosphate, glyceryl stearate citrate, sodium pca, dicaprylyl carbonate, undecane, tridecane, phenoxyethanol, benzoic acid, dehydroacetic acid, parfum    - imported    **size**    - 1.7 fl oz  

shop on top at urban outfitters. we have all the latest styles and fashion trends you're looking for right here.

shop full spectrum: look 2 at urban outfitters. we have all the latest styles and fashion trends you're looking for right here.

velvet throw pillow accented with luxe floral embroidery to add a blooming touch to any room. square velvet pillow with textured crewel embroidery.  **content + care**    - cotton, viscose    - spot clean    - imported    **size**    - dimensions: 18”l x 18”w  

soundgarden's 1994 breakthrough album, superunknown, is now available here to own on 2-disc vinyl. debuting at number one on the billboard charts + winning the band two grammy awards, their fourth studio album marked a departure from their seattle grunge scene roots to produce 15 tracks of arena-ready alternative rock. includes the songs spoonman, black hole sun, the day i tried to live, my wave + fell on black days. 1994, a&m records.     **tracklisting**     1 . let me drown   2 . my wave   3 . fell on black days   4 . mailman   5 . superunknown   6 . head down   7 . black hole sun   8 . spoonman   9 . limo wreck   10 . the day i tried to live   11 . kickstand   12 . fresh tendrils   13 . 4th of july   14 . half   15 . like suicide  



our signature compass — celebrating modern women going places.

a fresh interpretation of the wrap dress, this is a special lbd that truly earns its place in your wardrobe right now.

 nothing quite says warm weather like a crop top, so it makes sense that callie, in our timeless, intricately stitched signature scallop lace, was inspired by hot ibiza nights, lazy mornings in cannes, and mezcal afternoons in tulum — after all, it's easy-to-pack, easy-to-wear, and easy-to-take-off...if you're really planning on sweating in style. pictured here with the valencia skirt.   100% cotton  color: pure white handcrafted hibiscus lace hand wash imported

 in the season's most in-demand shade, a goes-with-everything dusty purple, our emy button-down mini skirt (with an ultra-feminine side bow) steals the show by way of a frilly dusting of our painstakingly stitched roselle embroidery starring the dragonfly, a universal symbol of self-realization and (wardrobe) transformation. for more dragonfly good luck, pair it with our matching ari crop top (shown).   100% cotton color: dusty purple dragonfly roselle cotton embroidery button-front closure, side ties at waist hand wash imported     

our 'angelique' mini dress is fully lined and crafted from light and airy crocheted cotton, it's flattering off-the-shoulder silhouette is one of the most versatile looks of the summer since it slips on easily, perfect for the beach.   white and periwinkle - hibiscus lace 100% cotton / embroidery 100% poly - hand wash

to really own your hustle, you have to keep a balance... introducing lively wellness week   when creating lively, we set out to not only empower women across...

designer notes: the polly thong is made from a beautiful lace and italian stretch satin. the pattern of the lace mimics delicate butterfly wings and covers the cheeks in the most flattering way. polly is the perfect thong for your wardrobe! 100% nylon lace, 92% pa 8% elasthan italian stretch satin, cotton liner, wash in cold water with delicate wash

designer notes: the louisa nightgown is a true work of art. louisa has two embroidered half moons appliquéd over each bust. they are centered over the cup, covering just the right amount. they are surrounded with tiny star appliqués and sprinkled with rhinestones. louisa has sexy sheer sides and gorgeous silk straps that criss cross over your back.  italian star mesh 56% pa 30% co 14% ea, 100% silk moon and star appliqués, 95% silk 5% lycra stretch silk body, hand wash cold or dry clean, do not tumble dry



 pigment-dyed cotton hoodie at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's sweaters. free shipping available.

 garment-dyed french terry hoodie at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's fleece. free shipping available.

 6 inch swim trunk in turquoise arrow print at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's swimwear. free shipping available.

 6 inch swim trunk in blue sailboat print at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's swimwear. free shipping available.

 cotton crewneck sweater in grey stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's sweaters. free shipping available.

 6 inch swim trunk in maze print at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's swimwear. free shipping available.



 cotton-cashmere half-zip sweater at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of men's sweaters.

 dock short in stretch chino at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's shorts. free shipping available.

 ludlow unstructured blazer in american wool at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's blazers. free shipping available.

 7 inch tech short at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's shorts. free shipping available.

 adidas® gazelle® sneakers at j.cew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 adidas® suede campus 80 sneakers at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 petite perfect rainjacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 long tie-waist jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's coats. free shipping available.

 uncoated downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 pearl cherry earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated drop hoop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 tipped pajama set in pink stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's loungewear. free shipping available.

you asked, we answered: introducing our new intimates collection, featuring very comfy, very pretty bras and undies that are based off of our best-selling swim fits. now, the details: our gingham printed thong has a slight stretch and seamless fit that will get the job done (aka no panty lines). please note: this style runs small, so we recommend ordering one size larger than your normal size. nylon/spandex. hand wash. import. select stores.

 petite stretch perfect bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite long tie-waist jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.



 tall slim perfect shirt in end-on-end cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite high-rise slim boy chino pant at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 petite funnelneck shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 the petite downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's outerwear. free shipping available.

 high-rise cameron pant in four-season stretch at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 bead and raffia earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 double disc earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

we heart this top... see: ruffle sleeves, silk fabric and that cute print too. body length: 25. silk. dry clean. import.



 tall high-rise slim boy chino pant at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

in dieser strukturierten, glasierten keramikvase im kaktusdesign kannst du herrlich blumensträuße und vieles mehr präsentieren.  **inhalt und pflege**    - aus keramik    - nur abwischen 

dieses flauschige haargummi verpasst dir einen ultimativen britney-spears-look. das teil passt perfekt zu crop tops und lässt sich ideal tragen, wenn du im fitnessstudio beim training singst oder mit deinen besten freunden die tanzfläche rockst.  **inhalt und pflege**    - polyester    - nur fleckenentfernung 

mit diesem set aus drei paar creolen in einzigartigem, strukturiertem design in verschiedenen größen verpasst du deiner sammlung einen minimalistischen twist.  **inhalt und pflege**     - verschiedene metalle    - nur abwischen    **grösse**    - klein: 1 cm  - mittel: 2,5 cm  - groß: 3 cm

the third studio album from trip hop group massive attack, available here on vinyl. originally release in 1998, the album features the group’s signature electronica sound and features the singles risingson, teardrop + more. 1998, circa / virgin.  **tracklisting**   1 . angel feat. horace andy   2 . risingson   3 . teardrop feat. elizabeth fraser   4 . inertia creeps   5 . exchange (instrumental)   6 . dissolved girl feat. sara jay   7 . man next door feat. horace andy   8 . black milk feat. elizabeth fraser   9 . mezzanine   10 . group four feat. elizabeth fraser   11 . (exchange) feat. horace andy  

description

description

description

description

description

description

 petite women's 2011 blythe shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 stretch chino in 1450 relaxed fit at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's chino pants. free shipping available.

 scoopneck tank top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's active knits. free shipping available.

 slim perfect tank top with built-in bra at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 scoopneck tencel™ t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 slim perfect tank top with built-in bra at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

comfy cotton + a cute velvet tie + stripes= the work-to-weekend-to-holiday-party top you'll be wearing with everything all winter long. slim fit. body length: 22 1/2. cotton. machine wash. import.

 twist-back long-sleeve t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 rue saint-honoré graphic t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 team optimist t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 lol t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 seersucker off-the-shoulder bikini top with rickrack at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 lowrider bikini bottom in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 seersucker one-shoulder bikini top with rickrack at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.











logan is the new relaxed fit boyfriend tee. with a longer sleeve and loose body, logan will never let you down.  100% modal  machine wash cold model is wearing a size small

machine wash cold model is wearing a size small

lot de 3 paires de chaussettes disponibles uniquement chez uo. modèle en maille côtelée pour une coupe confortable.   **contenu + soins**    - comprend 3 paires    - fibres mixtes    - lavage en machine

ces boucles d'oreilles oversize étincelantes ont juste la bonne dimension. forme créole ultra grande avec strass incrustés pour une allure superbement glamour. exclusivité uo.   **contenu + soins**      - alliages, verre    - facile à nettoyer      **taille**     - largeur : 9 cm  

allez à la piscine ou à la plage dans ce short de bain par la marque de sport champion. modèle simple et uni avec des poches côtés. logo champion minimaliste sur la cuisse gauche. cordons de serrage ajustables à la taille élastiquée et ourlet fendu.   **contenu + soins**    - fibres mixtes    - lavage en machine

screamadlica is the thirsd studio album from primal scream and is often regarded as one of the best albums of the 1990s. first released in 1991, the album features the band's departure from their indie sound and explores more of a house music-inspired sound. includes the single loaded.      **tracklisting**   01 . movin' on up   02 . slip inside this house   03 . don't fight it, feel it   04 . higher than the sun   05 . inner flight   06 . come together   07 . loaded   08 . damaged   09 . i'm comin' down   10 . higher than the sun (a dub symphony in two parts)   11 . shine like stars

housse de couette imprimée pour un intérieur plein d'originalité. composition en coton à motif feuillage tropical sur fond bleu. à associer à nos autres draps et oreillers (vendus séparément).  **contenu + soins**    - coton    - lavage en machine    **taille**    - lit simple (contient 1 taie d'oreiller) : 135 cm (l) x 200 cm (h)    - lit double (comprend 2 taies d'oreiller) : 200 cm (l) x 200 cm (h)    - lit king (comprend 2 taies d'oreiller) : 230 cm (l) x 220 cm (h)    - taie d'oreiller : 75 cm x 50 cm 

the original soundtrack from twin peaks, available here on vinyl. features songs composed by angelo badalamenti + complete with vocals by julee cruise. 1990, warner bros.  **tracklisting**   1 . twin peaks theme   2 . laura palmer's theme   3 . audrey's dance   4 . the nightingale   5 . freshly squeezed   6 . the bookhouse boys   7 . into the night   8 . night life in twin peaks   9 . dance of the dream man   10 . love theme from "twin peaks"   11 . falling  



a perfect basic hipster to add to your knicker drawer! super soft lace slinks around your hips, soft microfiber front & back w/ center-back keyhole keeps it pg-13. take my money, please!

give lips vivid color and fresh luster.glow-type oil rouge that imbues lips with lovely color. product features:･new colors of our liquid rouge that provides pure color, fresh gloss and beauty oil all in one. with clear color and luster that suits any makeup look, it keeps lips looking soft as if they've been given a steam treatment.･formulated with "highly-lusterous smooth oil", a particularly lustrous light oil. smooth and light, it provides a refreshing luster that’s free from stickiness.･comes with a tip that absorbs enough rouge for easy one-coat application. use both side of the applicator to enjoy an even more lusterous finish. the tip is cut at a gentle angle that fits perfectly with the angle of your lips, making it easy to apply rouge to the corners of the mouth and peak of the upper lip.     color: 04 loving cherry    ships within the united states only

open toe sandal with straps, rounded block 3" heel and buckle closure.   

 lucent powder layers create a depth and luster normally achieved only by a cream blush. the smooth glow oil emollient base provides a radiant finish. emerald cut silver compact with swarovski rhinestone brush attached. crystal floral bouquet fragrance.   ships within the united states only



mother is a dark horse with the stirrups to prove it. her stride is not one to be shaken but stirred. made in los angeles. style no. 1476-180-ntg final sale, no returns.

mother never strikes the same evening twice. drenched in a rich indigo with a whisper of moonlight, she’ll pass you by like a ship in the night. made in los angeles. style no. 1841-530-wls final sale, no returns.

far out. mother is a rocker with her madeworn tie dye tee. hand distressed in los angeles, this piece looks and feels like a blast from the past. made in usa. style no. t165-611-mli, mwgd063td

mother moonlit as a concert-goer. she wore her jeans like an all-access pass, moving from the front row to backstage without a hitch. perfect for pulling an all nighter, they were molded with a stretch fit, frayed hem and rocker thrashing. style no. 1431l-303-lcs

go for the gold. mother seeks out luxury and found it with this 24k plated gold wire belt, handmade in greece. its one of a kind design makes an unforgettable statement that is hard to miss. style:bgh10-589-go  each piece is handmade and delicate, mother says please handle with care.

hand painted sneakers customized by illustrator phoebe tillem from los angeles, california. inspired by nature, each piece from her 1st collection is unique and created with love. style no. 7012-545-lar the artist uses authentic adidas® stan smith® shoes as the canvas. she then hand paints each shoe with her own unique designs. adidas ag is the owner of the adidas®, stan smith®, leaf design trademarks. mother and phoebe tillem have no relationship, connection or affiliation with adidas ag. this work is not authorized or affiliated by or with adidas ag.

all that glitters is gold. mother was traveling through the greek isles when she spotted an artisanal belt maker hand weaving 24k gold plated belts. its chain linked design has a delicate look that lends a lavish appeal worthy of the gods. style:bgh2-589-gol  each piece is handmade and delicate, mother says please handle with care.

wrap it up. destin, known for its precious and lightweight weaves, creates a beautiful bandana scarf in black with a distressed design and extreme finish. delicate and fine, mother says handle with care. made in italy. style no. t027-611-blk, ccbaban0 one-of-a-kind. each bandana is truly special and will vary in print. 

shop nike city loop sneaker at urban outfitters today. discover more selections just like this online or in-store.  shop your favorite brands and sign up for uo rewards to receive 10% off your next purchase!

bright eyes that stun with this smoothing eye cream from tov. utilizes camellia to contract the appearance of pores and control sebum production, guajava to brighten the appearance of hyperpigmentation and reinforce elasticity, lime to prevent free radical damage and sambucus nigra for a boost of antioxidants that nourish skin. skin will be soft, smooth and so hydrated.  **content + care**    - imported    **size**    - 0.42 oz  

only good vibes with this silver-tone metal band ring from urban outfitters.  **content + care**    - metal    - wipe clean    - imported  

retro-inspired disposable flask that’s so money, available exclusively at uo. flexi silhouette with a screw-on cap so you can fill it up with whatever you’re drinking. food safe; not suitable for use in the microwave or oven.  **content + care**    - plastic    - dishwasher safe    - imported    **size**    - 7.5 oz  

ne sacrifiez pas votre style élégant lors des journées fraîches, grâce à ces gants sans doigts en fausse fourrure extrêmement luxueux, offerts exclusivement chez urban outfitters. mitaines sans doigts en fausse fourrure duveteuse avec coutures.  **composition et entretien**    - polyester    - essuyer pour nettoyer    - importé    **taille**    - longueur : 7 po    - largeur : 4.5 po 

porte-ustensiles à facettes en céramique durable. un ajout parfait à toute cuisine. ustensiles non inclus.      **composition et entretien**    - céramique     - lavage à la main     - importé       **taille**    - dimensions : 6.32 po p x 7.35 po h

finis les pinceaux ennuyeux avec cet ensemble irrésistible d'adorables pinceaux de maquillage à paillettes d'une marque que nous adorons, lime crime. composé de 7 pinceaux essentiels faits de soies très douces avec des manches transparents remplis de liquide pailleté. comprend tous les pinceaux dont vous avez besoin pour un teint impeccable, un regard envoûtant et une bouche à croquer. fournis avec un fourre-tout à paillettes qui peut être utilisé pour ranger les pinceaux et votre maquillage, ou comme sac à main pour une soirée de sortie. certifiés végétariens et non testés sur les animaux.  **composition et entretien**    - comprend un pinceau à poudre, un pinceau à fard à joues, un pinceau crayon, un pinceau à lèvres, un pinceau éventail, un pinceau à sourcils biseauté, un pinceau pour estomper l'ombre à paupières et une pochette de transport    - importé 

tasse à café exclusive à uo avec imprimé de briquet à l'avant. convient à la nourriture; ne va pas au lave-vaisselle, au four ni au four à micro-ondes.  **composition et entretien**     - céramique  - lavage à la main   - importé  **taille**     - 15 oz    

étui pour iphone de sonix doté d'un arc-en-ciel tourbillon en cristaux d'agate. conception en coquille de plastique rigide, qui se glisse facilement sur les rebords du téléphone afin de le protéger des chocs et éraflures.  **composition et entretien**    - plastique    - essuyer pour nettoyer    - importé    **taille**    - pour iphone 6, 7 et 8 

vous aurez une peau ultradouce qui brille de mille feux grâce à cet exfoliant pour le corps de body on demand. la formule, contenant du sel rose et de la poudre d'écorce de noix de coco, donne un exfoliant doux à la brillance iridescente pour vous donner un éclat subtil en sortant de la douche. frottez ce gommage rose au parfum tropical sur la peau humide qui semble terne et sèche.   **composition et entretien**    - ingrédients: glycérine, chlorure de sodium, eau, propylèneglycol, glycéryle peg-7, cocoate, dipalmitate de polyglycéryle-10, borosilicate de calcium sodique, poudre de coquille de noix de coco (cocos nucifera), laurylsulfate,  de sodium, bétaïne de cocamidopropyle, huile d'olive, gomme de xanthane, phénoxyéthanol, fluorphlogopite synthétique, parfum, dioxyde de titane (ci 77891), acétate de l'alpha-tocophérol, extrait de feuille d'aloès officinal, oxyde d'étain (ci 77861), benzoate de sodium, sorbate de potassium, ci 17200 (rouge d & c n° 33)    - importé    **taille**    - 7.05 oz  

italian suede leather black slingback heel. 30mm heel. made in italy.

italian linen blush oversized flare pant. high waisted with hidden zip closure at side seam and two side pockets.

italian gold lamb leather grid mule. leather soles with 40mm heel. made in italy.

italian crepe viscose red pant. relaxed fit, ankle length with elastic waistband.

italian vegetable tanned leather cammello mini bucket bag with cobalt matte patent interior. adjustable strap. made in italy.

italian vegetable tanned leather cammello mini bucket bag with silver interior metallic patent. adjustable strap. made in italy.

 our solstice embroidery in soft cotton voile features custom developed inset lace trims adorning hand placed vintage-inspired embroidery layouts. the rosemary top is cut from airy cotton and finished with lace trim. the front bodice is covered with intricate floral, eyelet embroidery with a delicate peplum at the waist. a playful flutter sleeve cascades into ruffles at the upper center back. available here in ivory. 100% cotton. made in india. hand wash separately in cold water, hang to dry. shoulder to hem: 22" - 56cmbust (circumference): 19" - 48cm measurements taken from size s.model wears s.  model measurements:height: 5'7" - 171cmbust (circumference): 32" - 81cmwaist (circumference): 23" - 58cmhips (circumference): 33" - 83cm

our peony suit in seaside broderie anglaise is an endlessly romantic piece perfect for layering under your favorite victorian dress. a halter top tying at the back nape of the neck features soft ruffles framing a daring deep v-neckline which comes to a a thin elasticated waistband. tiny flower motif embroidered eyelet makes this piece ultra feminine. featured here in ivory.  100% cotton made in india hand wash separately in cold water, hang to dry   measurements taken from size s.waist (circumference-relaxed): 25" (64cm)waist (circumference-extended): 40" (102cm)front v-neck length: 16.25" (41cm)bust cup width: 15.25" (39cm) note: model is 5'7" and size xs, photographed here wearing size s.

our woodland floral cotton is a custom developed print on a super soft, beautifully washed crisp cotton base. the erica top is an everyday essential with button front and relaxed fit for breezy comfort. a yoke bodice ruffle cascades from front to back with feminine flair. a full, billowy sleeve cinches at the wrist with little raw edge ruffle finish mirrored at the neckline. available here in valentine. 100% cotton. made in china. hand wash separately in cold water, hang to dry.  length shoulder to hem: 17.25" - 44cmbust (circumference): 36" - 94cmwaist (circumference: 28" - 71cm measurements taken from size s.model wears true size xs, photographed here in size s.  model measurements:height: 5'7" - 171cmbust (circumference): 32" - 81cmwaist (circumference): 23" - 58cmhips (circumference): 33" - 83cm

orné d'une adorable tête de paresseux, ce vide-poches est parfait pour vos petits trésors, vos bijoux et plus.  **contenu + soins**    - céramique    - facile à nettoyer 

rechargez votre smartphone où que vous soyez avec ce chargeur de la taille d'une carte de crédit. cordon de chargement usb pour charger le chargeur en 3 à 4 heures seulement. charges :2600 mah (entrée) ; 1.5 amps/5v (sortie). avec câble lightning effet corde en tissu compatible avec la plupart des modèles iphone.  **contenu + soins**    - compatible avec la plupart des smartphones    - métal, électroniques    - facile à nettoyer 

maintenez l'équilibre dans votre vie avec ce coussin yin-yang avec devant à longs poils. touche déco parfaite sur une chaise, un canapé ou un lit. forme ronde avec un devant à longs poils et un arrière en toile résistante. housse amovible avec une fermeture zippée invisible sur le côté.      **contenu + soins**    - 100 % coton    - nettoyer en cas de taches     **taille**    - diamètre : 45,7 cm/18"

fabriquez un délicieux pop-corn maison grâce à cette machine à pop-corn facile à utiliser. sans huile - système à circulation d'air chaud. ajoutez simplement les cerneaux de noix.   **contenu + soins**     - plastique, métal    - 1200 watts    - facile à nettoyer     **taille**    - dimensions : 13 cm x 18 cm x 28 cm

rafraîchissez vos boissons dans ce seau à glace en forme d'ananas réaliste. le couvercle s'enlève facilement pour garder vos boissons au frais. idéal pour le fêtes et les pique-niques !    **contenu + soins**    - plastique    - lavage à la main  

shop fleur du mal's luxury lingerie & chic ready to wear. discover a sublime collection of luxurious lingerie today. enjoy free shipping and returns.

shop fleur du mal's luxury lingerie & chic ready to wear. discover a sublime collection of luxurious lingerie today. enjoy free shipping and returns.



the voile brief is the essential everyday basic with a twist of luxury. soft elastics make it easy and fun to wear on a daily basis. styled with voile soft brathis item is also available in black ==== - polyester and silk- high leg for a flattering fit- elastics are soft on the skin ==== self: 100% polyester   combo: 100% silk

 the poppy corset belt is made of beautiful crisscrossing leather bands, finished with laces in the front. simple, streamlined and absolutely stunning, this piece works as an exquisite waist cincher. ==== ==== 100% leather

these lambskin and silk cuffs are entirely luxurious. the black ties are soft on the skin while the cuffs are lightly padded for added comfort and pleasure. this item is also available in white ==== ==== lambskin & silk

the strapless, minimalist swim bandeau is versatile enough to wear underneath your favorite off-shoulder top, loungewear or as swimwear. styled with mer seamed briefthis item is also available in white or lapis ==== - 79% polyamide & 21% elasthane- extensible for added comfort - tonal v-shaped seam - center seam on cups - delicate boning for support ==== 79% polyamide & 21% elasthane

soft on the skin, the ultra-stretchy swim brief hugs the body just right and can be mixed and matched with a variety of bikini tops. styled with mer expose topthis item is also available in white ==== -79% polyamide & 21% elasthane- extensible for added comfort - high leg - tonal stitching ==== 79% polyamide & 21% elasthane

your everyday slip made out of the softest micromodal, this minimalist, relaxed-fit slip, modern dress makes for exquisite loungewear. key features include adjustable thin straps and supersoft fabric. ==== - 100% micromodal jersey- loose fit slip- adjustable thin straps- high scoop front/back neckline - knee length - this style can be worn in and out ==== self: 100% micromodal combo: 100% silk

our intime tee flows along with your body, offering casual comfort in its most elegant form. its swoop neck adds a subdued touch of sensuality, while the satin fabric feels soft on the skin. style with intime pantythis item is also available in black ==== - 80% modal, 20% polyamide- short sleeves- scoop neckline ==== - 80% modal- 20% polyamide

 experience the softness of silk charmeuse in this essential basic thong. with a touch of innuendo, the comfortable, thin elastics offer a seamless fit underneath any garment.  styled with amour off shoulder topthis item is also available in black ==== - 100% triple washed silk charmeuse, contrast of matte and sheen- soft elastic waistband- thong version of the silk charmeuse brief ==== 100% silk





get on board with our burgundy with navy stripe 7-ply wool-cashmere sweater. comfort and style, not mutually exclusive.

get a luxuriously soft + nourished beard with this expert beard oil made in italy by proraso. specially formulated for long, bushy beards to smooth + repair leaving you with irresistibly silky facial hair. finished with a blend of cedar wood + notes of mediterranean cistus for a fresh blend you'll be so happy to use every day. apply a few drops to palm. distribute evenly starting at the base of hair to ends. brush carefully + gently to untangle any knots.      **content + care**    - ingredients: helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, persea gratissima (avocado) oil, macadamia ternifolia seed oil, juglans regia (walnut) shell extract, eucalyptus globulus leaf oil, parfum (fragrance), menthol, tocopheryl acetate, bht, alpha-isomethyl ionone, limonene, coumarin    - imported      **size**    - 1 oz

stay flawless with the help of these uo-exclusive tweezers from milk makeup. ergonomic design for comfortable holding with an angled tip that allows for painless, precise plucking. milk makeup is a paraben-free, eco-conscious, innovative product line made of the best possible ingredients with minimal to no preservatives. they see beauty in originality + authenticity and design multi-use products for experimentation and self-expression.      **content + care**    - imported

 tassel and pendant necklace set at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 striped straw market tote at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

finished with ruffle sleeves, this fitted sheath dress in four-season italian fabric is ready for big meetings, presentations, work dinners and more. falls to knee, 40 from high point of shoulder (based on size 6). wool/elastane. dry clean. import. select stores.

meet the easiest outfit on the planet... this linen jumpsuit has a flattering tie at the waist and is perfect for warmer weather. 25 1/2 inseam. linen. import.

 striped hipster in microfiber at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 thomas mason® for j.crew tuxedo shirt in blue at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 signet hobo bag in italian leather at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 beaded watermelon earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 the new denim project® for j.crew tote at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 large canvas tote with striped straps at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

sperry has been making classic slip-free shoe styles since 1935, when founder paul sperry was inspired by how effortlessly his dog's paws gripped the ice. cozy and winter-weather-ready, these boots feature a waterproof rubber sole and micro-fleece lining that are perfect for trudging through slush and snow. leather upper. rubber sole. import. online only.

 signet tote bag in italian leather at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 tall perfect sheath dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

meet the easiest outfit on the planet... this linen jumpsuit has a flattering tie at the waist and is perfect for warmer weather. 25 1/2 inseam. linen. import.

a breezy faux-wrap dress with a ruffle hem and cute cap sleeves is the party pick everyone needs. falls above knee. rayon. machine wash. import. online only.

 petite j.crew mercantile faux-wrap mini dress in floating floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 short-sleeve button-front dress in island floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

meet the easiest outfit on the planet... this linen jumpsuit has a flattering tie at the waist and is perfect for warmer weather. 22 inseam. linen. machine wash. import. online only.

 reusable everyday tote at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 hinge bracelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bracelets. free shipping available.

 signet large pouch at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

a simple, swingy dress in a supercomfy, stretchy fabric with pockets (!!) is the ultimate everyday summer piece. falls above knee. viscose/elastane. machine wash. import.

 canvas espadrilles with embroidered fruits at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

named after london's chelsea neighborhood in the 1950s (where young artists and directors were often seen wearing the style), we've designed this version to be pretty close to the original—in classic leather with easy elastic panels. 4/5 heel. leather upper and lining. man-made sole. import. select stores.

this silk top features a bright paisley print and geometric lace at the collar and cuffs, making it the perfect way to brighten up your winter closet. body length: 26 1/2. silk. long sleeves. back keyhole with button closure. dry clean. import. online only.

this bell-sleeve top with contrast embroidery and a gingham print is the perfect match for your favorite denim. body length: 26 1/2. cotton/elastane. long sleeves. no buttons at cuffs. button placket. machine wash. import. online only.

our most comfortable ballet flat ever—and here's the secret, according to our design team: a cushiony, flexible rubber sole, elastic details for a just-right fit and the teeniest amount of lift—that actually makes a big difference. oh, and not to mention, they're adorable. leather upper and lining. rubber sole. import. online only.

a tunic with a tie-front and embroidery...need we say more? body length: 25 3/4. cotton. machine wash. import.

 tall slim perfect shirt in piece-dyed irish linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

a pretty wrap-front top in a drapey fabric is the perfect desk-to-dinner pick. body length: 25 1/2. poly. machine wash. import.

 short-sleeve button-up shirt in wide stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite slim perfect shirt in leopard print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite collared popover in cross-dyed cotton linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 button-up peplum top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 tall long-sleeve ruffle top in ratti® rio floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite ruffle classic popover shirt in indigo at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 ruffle classic popover shirt in mini windowpane at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite wide-leg cropped pant in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

a one-shoulder gingham top in an easy cotton poplin means your day just got waaaay cuter. body length: 24. cotton. machine wash. import.

 easy pant in foulard print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 petite v-neck camisole in dot at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 girls' gold micropleat dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.

a pretty star-printed dress is just the thing to celebrate birthdays, holidays...and any day she wants to shine. falls to knee. cotton. machine wash. import.

 girls' girls' silk bow-back dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.



 girls' rugby-striped dress in sateen at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.

 girls' flutter-sleeve mixed-media dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.

 girls' stretch-denim shortalls at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' bottoms. free shipping available.

 girls' girls' flutter-hem flannel dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.

 girls' tulip-printed t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' tops. free shipping available.

 girls' glitter coin purse at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.

 girls' let's do brunch t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' tops. free shipping available.

 girls' girl's multi-emoji t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' tops. free shipping available.

 girls' sz blockprints™ for crewcuts elephant-print t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' tops. free shipping available.

 girls' flutter-sleeve mixed-media dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' dresses. free shipping available.

 girls' watermelon drawstring backpack at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.

block heeled bootie with button embellishment.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 2" heel leather upper, leather lining, synthetic sole zipper closure

 all guipil pieces are made using recycled guatemalan guipils in combination with gauze. the guipils we use are handmade by native guatemalan indians and are are one of a kind and unique from one to the next. that's what makes them so special. we will happily allow you to pick which guipil you like most. please email us and we will send you photo's of the different guipil options we have in stock.    100% cotton doubled layer gauze recycled guatemalan guipil  please email love@jenspiratebooty.com for pictures.

 sporty thong sandal.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 1" platform fabric upper, leather lining, synthetic sole

 100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only model is 5'9"  note: each piece is handmade by various artisan families in mexico. due to the nature of the fabric and process, each piece is one of a kind in color and fit.

  if you don't see the color or size you are looking for and would like to see more options or have any questions, please email us at specialorders@jenspiratebooty.com. there are no additional charges for special orders, just regular retail price. unfortunately, we don't offer any discounted or sale pricing for special orders. all regular shipping rates will apply. for international orders additional shipping charges may be required for multiple shipments. we ask to allow up to 4-8 weeks for delivery of special orders and once your order has been placed all sales are final. keep in mind all of our garments are hand made and dyed so it takes some time but we'll do our best to get you your order as soon as possible.   100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only   note: each piece is handmade by various artisan families in mexico. due to the nature of the fabric and process, each piece is one of a kind in color and fit.

 the style is made from our newest gauze fabric, which is less sheer, but still so soft and natural.     100% cotton made in usa hand wash only unfinished hem model is 5' 8.5"

 this item is final sale all of our gauze pieces are made by mayan artisans in small workshops throughout many different villages in mexico. we choose not to give our work to huge toxic factories, keeping the longtime handmade, hand-dyed tradition going. variations in color, shape & style reflect the nature of the gauze itself & the artisanal process taken to create each garment. all embroideries & dye processes are done in small batches by hand, and are meant to be treasured for their imperfections.  100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only model is 5' 9.5"  note: each piece is handmade by various artisan families in mexico. due to the nature of the fabric and process, each piece is one of a kind in color and fit.

 made in usa

 knee-high heeled boot with portrait.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 4.25" heel 13" shaft, 14" leg opening leather upper, leather lining, synthetic sole zipper closure

crossband platform sandal with embellished heel.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 5.5" heel, 1.25" platform leather upper, leather lining, synthetic sole velcro closure

   100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only    if you don't see the color or size you are looking for and would like to see more options or have any questions, please email us at specialorders@jenspiratebooty.com. there are no additional charges for special orders, just regular retail price. unfortunately, we don't offer any discounted or sale pricing for special orders. all regular shipping rates will apply. for international orders additional shipping charges may be required for multiple shipments. we ask to allow up to 4-8 weeks for delivery of special orders and once your order has been placed all sales are final. keep in mind all of our garments are hand made and dyed so it takes some time but we'll do our best to get you your order as soon as possible. note: each piece is handmade in mexico by one of our various artisans. due to the nature of the cotton gauze fabric, hand dye and this unique process, each piece can vary slightly in color and fit.

     100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only    if you don't see the color or size you are looking for and would like to see more options or have any questions, please email us at specialorders@jenspiratebooty.com. there are no additional charges for special orders, just regular retail price. unfortunately, we don't offer any discounted or sale pricing for special orders. all regular shipping rates will apply. for international orders additional shipping charges may be required for multiple shipments. we ask to allow up to 4-8 weeks for delivery of special orders and once your order has been placed all sales are final. keep in mind all of our garments are hand made and dyed so it takes some time but we'll do our best to get you your order as soon as possible. note: each piece is handmade in mexico by one of our various artisans. due to the nature of the cotton gauze fabric, hand dye and this unique process, each piece can vary slightly in color and fit.

  please know that all hats are final sale. these items need to be made to order and are considered a special order. no returns allowed if you know me and my vibe, you know i am rarely ever seen without a hat. it's kind of been a signature of mine for decades now. lucky for me and for you, one of my dearest and most stylish friends, jaime from lovely bird, makes hats! i asked her to go wild and adorn them with totally fun and eccentric trims, which she did exclusively for us!! the jpb girl dances to the beat of her own drum and loves to stand out amongst a crowd. these unique hats are sure to turn heads your way.    made in the usa trim is removable sizing:  small - 20-22" inch circumference medium 22-24" inch circumference large - 23-25" inch circumference  color as shown on model. view more options here.  over sized package - please click here to see our return policy for return details.

 tall ruffle classic popover shirt in liberty® magical bouquet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall embroidered chambray top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite drapey crepe faux-wrap top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite collared popover in cross-dyed cotton linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

your favorite off-the-shoulder top, now with a tie at the neck for a fun take. body length: 24 1/4. cotton. machine wash. import.online only.

 collared popover in cross-dyed cotton linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite ruffle classic popover shirt in indigo at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 tall slim perfect shirt in stretch cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall slim perfect shirt in striped cotton poplin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 slim perfect shirt in end-on-end cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall ruffle classic popover shirt in mini windowpane at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite boyfriend shirt in crimson petal plaid at jcrew.com and see our entire selection of women's shirts.

this cozy shirt-jacket is inspired by mens-y winterwear, but it's tailored just for you. body length: 27. wool/cotton/viscose. functional buttons at cuffs. patch pockets with button closure. dry clean. import. online only.

glimmer and glow like you have your own personal spotlight with this rejuvenating skincare kit from frank body. perfect for gifting with 3 of their cult-favorite products, guaranteed to leave skin so radiant, with an undeniable glow that’s so irresistible. featuring their shimmer scrub, magic shimmer oil and illuminator.  shimmer scrub: give skin an undeniable shimmer + glow with this coffee scrub. boosted with glimmering particles of mica and rejuvenating oils for a gentle, natural exfoliating scrub that buffs skin to a stunning shine without stripping away essential oils or irritating sensitive skin. made in australia with no nuts and a vegan-friendly blend. comes in a waterproof bag.  magic shimmer oil: dull skin no more with this illuminating dry oil. hydrates body with a blurring effect for an insta-worthy filter irl. applies so smoothly without any greasy feel, enhanced with a luminous shimmer for skin that stuns. buildable blend can be mixed with moisturizer for an ultra-hydrating effect. 97% naturally derived, cruelty-free + vegan.  illuminator: glow all over with this luminous highlighter. hydrating blend featuring coconut + jojoba oils with sparkling gold + silver mica for the perfect bit of radiance to brighten up that complexion with a buildable formula that stuns.  pep up with frank body's line of coffee-infused skincare that will leave you soft + smooth from head to toe! cruelty-free range of scrubs, cleansers and balms made in australia from naturally derived ingredients with an energizing burst.  **how to use**    - shimmer scrub: apply to wet skin in the shower. massage scrub over entire body. leave on for 3 minutes, then rinse. use 2-3 times per week for best results.    - magic shimmer oil: prep by scrubbing skin and buffing away any dry, flaky areas. rub an even layer on all areas of exposed skin. buff in until it’s smooth + absorbed. wait a few minutes for full absorption before putting on clothes.    - illuminator: apply to cheekbones, cupid’s bow, brows and nose. may be mixed with moisturizer for extra hydration.    **content + care**    - includes shimmer scrub, magic shimmer oil + illuminator    - shimmer scrub ingredients: sucrose (sugar), vitis vinifera (grape) seed oil, sodium chloride (salt), coffea arabica seed powder (coffee), glycine soja (soybean) oil, daucus carota sativa (carrot) root extract, tocopherol (vitamin e), fragrance (parfum), beta-carotene, mica, titanium dioxide, iron oxide    - magic shimmer oil ingredients: caprylic/capric triglyceride, vitis vinifera (grape) seed oil, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, hydrated silica, argania spinosa kernel oil, helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, limnanthes alba (meadowfoam) seed oil, tocopherol (vitamin e), glycine soja (soybean) oil, fragrance (parfum), mica, titanium dioxide, iron oxides    - illuminator ingredients: ricinus communis (castor) seed oil, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, beeswax (cera alba), simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, copernicia cerifera (carnauba) wax, vitis vinifera (grape) seed oil, prunus amygdalus dulcis (sweet almond) oil, coffea arabica (coffee) seed oil, vitis vinifera (grape) fruit extract, tocopherol (vitamin e), glycine soja (soybean) oil, caprylic/capric triglyceride, silica, mica, titanium dioxide, iron oxide    - imported    **size**    - shimmer scrub: 0.71 oz    - magic shimmer oil: 2.71 oz    - illuminator: 0.35 oz  

rosé all day with these exfoliating sugar cubes from harper + ari. individually-sized sugar cubes in a brunch-inspired scent to wake up your senses + smooth dull skin. take one of the hand-crafted sugar cubes with you into the shower or bath and gently massage over wet skin, focusing on rough patches like heels, knees + elbows for a truly invigorating and soothing experience. paraben, sulfate + cruelty free.    **content + care**    - ingredients: sucrose, glycerin, water, sodium palmate, sodium palm kernelate, sorbitol, butyrospermum parkii (shea butter), aloe barbadenis leaf juice (aloe vera gel from aruba), fragrance (parfum), palm acid, palm kernel acid, sodium citrate, titanium dioxide, mica, iron oxide, pentasodium pentetate, tetrasodium etidronate    - imported    **size**    - 16 oz  

throw a party for your arms with this bangle bracelet set, available exclusively at uo. featuring shiny, round bands with a flat construction and polished finish featuring one rhinestone-encrusted band. made in varied widths for your own unique, stackable look.  **content + care**    - set of 4 bracelets    - steel, glass    - wipe clean    - imported  

wir sind total verliebt in diese iphone-hülle in marmor-optik! das modell schützt dein gerät zuverlässig vor beulen und kratzern.  **inhalt und pflege**    - plastik    - nur abwischen    **größe und passform**    - passend für iphone x 

available here on just 3,000 uo-exclusive vinyl copies is the official insecure season 2 soundtrack. the hit hbo show created by + starring issa rae features a fierce soundtrack. the album includes your favorite tracks heard throughout the season including songs by bryson tiller, sza + more. 2017, rca.  **tracklisting**   disc 1 side 1   1 . cheater for one - issa rae   2 . insecure - jazmine sullivan and bryson tiller   3 . supermodel - sza   4 . attitude- leikeli47   5 . crew - goldlink feat. brent faiyaz & shy glizzy   disc 1 side 2   1 . go low - issa rae   2 . a lite - buddy   3 . real bitch problems - tt the artist   4 . lowkey - kari faux   5 . run up - cam & china   6 . poppin - rico nasty   disc 2 side 1   1 . ho for it - issa rae   2 . run me dry - bryson tiller   3 . the juice - hero   4 . hit the ceiling - lion babe   5 . fine lines - jorja smith   6 . feels like - nao   disc 2 side 2   1 . rejected - issa rae   2 . quicksand - sza   3 . morning blues - smiles davis feat. bosco & tola   4 . matthew in the middle - sean leon feat. daniel caesar   5 . gucci ice cream - girls in the yard   6 . bloct - issa rae  

 j.crew mercantile broken-in heather v-neck t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve tees. free shipping available.

 sorel® cheyanne™ boots in clay at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 drawstring pant in chambray at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's denim. free shipping available.

 484 slim-fit pant in lightweight bedford cord at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's denim. free shipping available.

 neighborhood® for j.crew coach's jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's jackets. free shipping available.

 '47 brand boston red sox short-sleeve t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's knits. free shipping available.

 new balance® for j.crew 891 leather high-top sneakers in white at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 reigning champ® midweight pullover hoodie in blue at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's fleece. free shipping available.

 eastpak® for j.crew backpack at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's bags. free shipping available.

 birkenstock® arizona waterproof eva sandals at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 tencel™ tank top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 j.crew 365 stretch tank bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 women's 1989 high-leg bikini bottom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 ruffle wrap bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 button-shoulder turtleneck at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

an effortless tank that literally shines, making it the perfect partner for denim and party skirts alike. body length: 25 1/4. poly/viscose/metallized fiber/nylon. machine wash. import.

 long-sleeve deck-striped t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's long sleeve tees. free shipping available.

words to dress by, especially when you're in the mood to shake (or stir!) things up... this bright t-shirt is the perfect way to add a little flavor to your look. body length: 25. cotton. machine wash. import.

 j.crew playa waikiki lace-up bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 tie-back scoop bikini top in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 j.crew 365 stretch t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

everybody loves a flattering wrap top, so we made one to swim in. added bonus: the pretty ruffled neckline and pretty floral print created by sz blockprints founder, sarah zellweger (with an assist from artisan block printers in jaipur, india).  note: because these pieces are 100 percent printed by hand, slight variations in the placement of the patterns are to be expected (and, we think, part of the charm!). polyamide/elastane. adjustable shoulder straps. tie closure. removable padding. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

 cropped stripe-trimmed sweatshirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's fleece. free shipping available.

 half-zip sweatshirt in polartec® fleece at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 tie-sleeve sweatshirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 regent pant in super 120s wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

 new york sweatshirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

your favorite plunging scoopback style, now in an electric tropical motif from italy's ratti print house (home to some of the world's most amazing prints since 1945). polyamide/elastane. ratti®. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

support pour encens en forme de cône avec motif géométrique. pour vos parfums d'encens favoris (vendus séparément).  **contenu + soins**    - céramique    - facile à nettoyer 

restez bien au chaud tout au long de l'hiver avec cette écharpe en fourrure, disponible uniquement chez uo. modèle large en fourrure.  **contenu + soins**    - acrylique    - lavage à la main  **taille**    - 40 cm (l) x 180 cm (l)

ce frisbee rétro vous ramènera dans la cour de récréation. avec motif graphique style années 80. parfait pour s'amuser en plein air.  **contenu + soins**    - plastique    - facile à nettoyer 

restez connecté grâce à ce câble lightning élégant et léger couvert d'un tissu amusant avec des embouts en plastique à effet holographique. compatible avec la plupart des iphones.  **contenu + soins**    - plastique et composants électroniques    - nettoyer en cas de taches 

lunettes de soleil provenant de stocks invendus, dénichées par hindsight vintage eyewear. elles n'ont jamais été portées auparavant, elles sont toutes neuves et complètement uniques. les dernières en leur genre, elles ont été soigneusement sélectionnées. modèle décontracté rappelant le style des années 90 avec écran, pont et branches colorés. le stock est limité, dépêches-vous avant qu'il ne soit trop tard ! hindsight vintage est fière de reverser 5 % de ses bénéfices à des organisations caritatives qui offrent des traitements contre la cécité dans les pays en voie développement.  **contenu + soins**    - plastique, métal    - facile à nettoyer   

haut-parleur bluetooth portable par fresh 'n rebel. modèle de grande qualité au design original. boucle de suspension pour l'accrocher à peu près partout.    **actus**    - compatible avec apple, windows et android    - connectivité bluetooth    - batterie rechargeable de 500 mah    - sortie audio 3 w    - 8 heures d'autonomie    **contenu + soins**    - métal, électronique       - facile à nettoyer

 oh hey there avery, our new favorite popover. cut from our iconic chelsea gauze, the avery top is a perfect pairing with our paige pant.   also available in: black, summer blue   chelsea gauze avery   100% cotton, made in los angeles. machine wash cold, gentle cycle, tumble dry low, light iron.   true blue an easy fit, we say buy this one in your true size.

 don't forget to pack the spf. harlow, our quintessential xirena one-piece makes a return to the xwim club in deep, warm hues. slip it on, and you’re ready for surf and sand.   cabana boy harlow xwim one piece     80% nylon 20% spandex with 95% polyester 5% spandex contrast. made in los angeles. machine wash cold, lay flat to dry.    one piece fitted all around with a cheeky bum, low-scooped back and adjustable straps. we recommend the following sizing... s (24” – 26”) m (27” – 29”) l (30” – 32”)   please note that there are no returns or exchanges on this item.

 our favorite short and sweet silhouette gets an update in our new lido cotton stripe. wear the shyla short to bed, and you're sure to have sweet dreams. also available in: firecracker red   lido cotton stripe shirting shyla   100% cotton, made in los angeles. machine wash cold, lay flat to dry.   short + sweet a cheeky little short with an easy fit, we say buy this one in your true size.

long sleeve bardcode stripe sheer mesh tee. fitted style with hook and eye closure in back. bra sold separately.  model is 5'10" and wearing a size s.  dry clean only style y39113bsm

 get ready to soak up the sun - dylan is back. cut from our new freedom stripe, the textured cotton and fresh stripe gives a new spin to our dylan dress. also available in: love   weathervane cotton stripe dylan   100% cotton, made in los angeles. machine wash cold, lay flat to dry.   girls club swingy, easy fit. we say buy in your true size.

 charlie’s back in town. cut from our chelsea gauze, the classic proportions and simple, feminine details make it a summer must-have.  also available in: black, summer blue, white     chelsea gauze charlie cami   100% cotton, made in los angeles. machine wash cold, gentle cycle, tumble dry low, light iron.   true blue an easy fit, we say buy this one in your true size.

faites de beaux rêves grâce à moon dust des innovateurs de chez moon juice. dream dust favorise un sommeil profond et réparateur grâce à une formule spéciale, conçue pour vous aider à vous plonger dans un sommeil profond et apaisant qui vous permettra de vous réveiller plein de vitalité et de fraîcheur. créé par moon juice, une marque qui célèbre les saveurs pures et exquises et le pouvoir de guérison des légumes, des fruits, des plantes, des noix et des algues.  **utilisation**    - ajouter une cuillère à thé dans 8 oz de liquide chaud ou froid.    - délicieux dans du café, du thé, du lait, de l'eau et des frappés, ou même mélangé à des céréales et à du beurre d'amande.    **composition et entretien**    - ingrédients: poudre de graines de jujube, extrait de fleur de camomille, poudre de baie de schisandra *, extrait de racine de polygala, extrait de racine et de feuille d'ashwagandha *, extrait de feuille de stévia (reb a) *, ( *biologique)    - fabriqué aux é.-u.    **taille**    - 1.5 oz  ces déclarations n'ont pas été évaluées par le secrétariat américain aux produits alimentaires et pharmaceutiques. ce produit n'est pas destiné à diagnostiquer, traiter, guérir ou prévenir les maladies.

vous aurez des yeux éclatants et scintillants grâce à ce masque hydrogel pour les yeux de 5 minutes de patchology. le mélange contient de la caféine pour améliorer la circulation afin de dévoiler un teint éclatant et lumineux et d'atténuer les imperfections. le collagène hydrolysé améliore l'apparence de l'élasticité tout en hydratant. grâce à ce traitement rapide, vous aurez l'air d'avoir dormi durant 8 heures pendant toute la journée.  **composition et entretien**    - ingrédients: eau (aqua), glycérine, butanediol, gomme de caroubier, tréhalose, inositol, taurine, bétaïne, caféine, poudre de goémon blanc (chondrus crispus), filtrat de ferment de galactomyces, ferment d'aureobasidium pullulans, huile de graines de ricin (ricinus communis), collagène hydrolysé, allantoïne, extrait de fleur de lavande (lavandula angustifolia), extrait de feuille de monarde écarlate, extrait de feuille de menthe poivrée (mentha piperita), extrait de fleurs de freesia alba, extrait de feuille de romarin (rosmarinus officinalis), extrait de fleur de matricaire (chamomilla recutita), huile de ricin hydrogénée peg-60, extrait d'herbe du tigre (centella asiatica), mica, dioxyde de titane, filtrat de sécrétion d'escargot, hyaluronate de sodium, acétyle glucosamine, gomme de guar (cyamopsis tetragonoloba), extrait de pourpier (portulaca oleracea), méthylparabène, chlorphénésine, phénoxyéthanol, chlorure de calcium, outremers, adénosine, éthylènediaminetétraacétate de disodium, sorbate de potassium, parfum    - importé 

the fifth album from franz ferdinand, _always ascending_ is available here on vinyl. the album is the first release following the departure of founding member nick mccarthy + features new members dino bardot and julian corrie. includes the singles always ascending + feel the love go. 2018, domino.  **tracklisting**   1 . always ascending   2 . lazy boy   3 . paper cages   4 . finally   5 . the academy award   6 . lois lane   7 . huck and jim   8 . glimpse of love     9 . feel the love go   10 . slow don't kill me slow   

shop vacay vibes: look 2 at urban outfitters. we have all the latest styles and fashion trends you're looking for right here.

shop eyelets + lace at urban outfitters. we have all the latest styles and fashion trends you're looking for right here.

modern minimalism at its chicest with this hoop earring, available exclusively at uo. in an open rectangular hoop silhouette with a stud closure.   **content + care**    - metal    - spot clean    - imported    **size**    - length: 0.91”    - width: 0.63”    - circumference: 3.07”  

 boy blazer in pinstriped linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's suit separates. free shipping available.

 medium striped pouch at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 literally me book at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's accessories. free shipping available.

 embellished packable straw hat at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's accessories. free shipping available.

 petite unstructured blazer in cotton-linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's blazers. free shipping available.

 coola® makeup setting spray 30 spf at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's beauty items. free shipping available.

 pinch provisions® for j.crew nail polish remover kit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's accessories. free shipping available.

 panama hat at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's accessories. free shipping available.

 embellished packable straw hat at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's accessories. free shipping available.

 rounded open-sided hair clip in italian tortoise at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's hair items. free shipping available.

 vinyl makeup pouch with oversize glitter at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 striped cape-scarf at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's accessories. free shipping available.

 skinny metallic italian leather belt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's belts. free shipping available.

send birthday wishes with this card topped with a cute sloth motif. left blank inside so you can include a personalised message.   **content + care**    - paper    - envelope included  

plump up with this volumising lip treatment gloss from pixi. applies with a cooling sensation and high-shine finish with peptides that hydrate, firm and plump the appearance of lips while aloe, jojoba and chamomile moisturise. with a fresh mint flavor. wear on its own, as a plumping pre-treatment for lip colour or on top of lip colour for a lacquered effect. created in london by makeup artist petra strand, pixi is all about flawless beauty without the fuss, providing multitasking skincare + makeup that let natural beauty shine.  **content + care**    - ingredients: dilinoleic acid/propanediol copolymer, triisostearoyl polyglyceryl-3 dimer dilinoleate, diisostearyl dimer dilinoleate, octyldodecanol, dipalmitoyl hydroxyproline, cetearyl ethylhexanoate, fragrance, menthol, caprylyl glycol, tocopheryl acetate, benzotriazolyl dodecyl p-cresol, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, titanium dioxide (ci 77891), caprylic/capric triglyceride, sorbitan isostearate, linoleic acid, glycine soja (soybean) oil, pentaerythrityl tetra-di-t-butyl hydroxyhydrocinnamate, tetrabutyl ethylidenebisphenol, mica (ci 77019), aloe barbadensis leaf extract, linolenic acid, portulaca pilosa extract, chamomilla recutita (matricaria) flower extract, sucrose cocoate, carmine (ci 75470), tocopherol, palmitoyl tripeptide    **size**    - 0.09 oz

add a peachy update to your tech with this allover peach printed keyboard cover! just place over the keys on your computer for an instant update. only available at uo!  **content + care**    - silicon    - wipe clean    **size**    - compatible with 13", 15", 17" macbook pro; 13", 15", 17" macbook pro retina; 13" macbook air; 13" macbook   

the national's sleep well beast is now available here on 2-disc white vinyl with an included mp3 download card. the seventh album to be released by the indie-rock band, it includes the song the system only dreams in total darkness, which is the band's first song to reach number one on a billboard songs chart. 2017, 4ad.      **tracklisting**    1 . nobody else will be there   2 . day i die   3 . walk it back   4 . the system only dreams in total darkness   5 . born to beg   6 . turtleneck   7 . empire line   8 . i’ll still destroy you   9 . guilty party    10 . carin at the liquor store   11 . dark side of the gym   12 . sleep well beast  

essential briefs from calvin klein crafted from stretch cotton and finished with logo-topped elasticated waistbands.  **content + care**      - includes 3 pairs     - cotton, elastane     - machine wash  

jot down notes + keep track of day to day activities with this daily journal featuring a sunrise + palm motif. filled with plenty of lined pages and finished with a ribbon book mark to keep your spot.  **content + care**      - paperback      - wipe clean   

delicate + fine pineapple earrings from british accessories label estella bartlett. fun + minimalist look finished with a post back closure.  **content + care**    - mixed metals    - wipe clean  

topped with an allover print, this cushion is perfect for adding a bright + cheeky touch to your space. pair with any of our other bedding + cushion options (sold separately).   **content + care**    - cotton, polyester    - dry clean

the 1998 release from the beastie boys, available here on vinyl. hello nasty features the grammy award winning track intergalactic + singles the negotiation limerick file, body movin’ and more. 1998, capitol.  **tracklisting**   1 . super disco breakin'   2 . the move   3 . remote control   4 . song for the man   5 . just a test   6 . body movin'   7 . intergalactic   8 . sneakin' out the hospital   9 . putting shame in your game   10 . flowin' prose   11 . and me   12 . three mc's and one dj   13 . the grasshopper unit (keep movin')   14 . song for junior   15 . i don't know   16 . the negotiation limerick file   17 . electrify   18 . picture this   19 . unite   20 . dedication   21 . dr. lee, phd    22 . instant death

 paley pant in italian stretch wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

 tall cameron slim crop pant in italian two-way stretch wool at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's suit separates. free shipping available.

 petite gathered front popover at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite short-sleeve button-up shirt in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

a silk top that's both chic (see: the classic-looking black-and-white print) and unique (that flattering tie-front). body length: 24 3/4. silk. long sleeves. functional buttons at cuffs. back keyhole with button closure. dry clean. import. online only.

 embroidered bell-sleeve silk top at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 drapey crepe cap-sleeve top in polka dot at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite cotton skirt in liberty® floral symphony at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's skirts. free shipping available.

 embroidered pull-on short at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shorts. free shipping available.

 pull-on short in cotton twill at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shorts. free shipping available.

in terms of hands-down closet essentials, our boy shirt ranks up there with blue jeans, chinos and little black dresses. featuring a boyfriend-inspired fit that's tailored especially for you, we made this one in a crisp cotton, with embroidered and embellished details we just love. body length: 27 1/4. cotton. tab sleeves. functional buttons at cuffs. button placket. hand wash. import. online only.

the oversized shirt you love to steal from him but better, because it's shrunken down to fit you. we gave this one a windowpane-gingham check we love and made it supersoft in a lightweight flannel, so it's the perfect shirt for, well, pretty much anywhere. body length: 28 1/2. cotton. machine wash. import.

 tall short-sleeve button-up shirt in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 stretch perfect bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite silk button-up shirt in party dot at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite button-up peplum top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite stretch perfect bodysuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall utility pocket shirt in chambray stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite embroidered chambray top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

this pretty silk top has a low drapey back and a tie-neck that you can wear in the front, too. because we love options... body length: 25. silk. functional buttons at cuffs. dry clean. import. online only.

a cute, double strap flat pairs perfectly with denim, chino, wool...pretty much every pant in your closet. calf hair upper. leather lining. import. select stores.

 mikia™ bandana bracelet in navy at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

 one year on a bike: from amsterdam to singapore at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

 boys' texas rangers jersey at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 mikia™ bead bracelet in rainbow obsidian at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's accessories. free shipping available.

the camp yard classic gone chic with this beaded bracelet from jewelry designer we love, venessa arizaga. featuring braided threadwork with a seed bead pattern and stamped metal logo tag. finished with a slide pull closure.  **content + care**    - glass, polyester, plated brass    - spot clean    - made in the usa    **size**    - length: 6”, 2” extender    - width: 0.5”  

we added convertible shoulder straps to the classic french bikini top (it's simple but très chic), so it's pretty much perfect for every seaside activity. bonus: this magical palm print we designed in-house. polyamide/elastane. convertible shoulder straps. ties at back. removable padding. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

words to dress by, when you want to get a head start on the weekend. this is a sexier version of our best-selling swimsuit, thanks to a lower back and thinner straps. tactel® nylon/spandex. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

featuring a retro-inspired silhouette, this high rise bikini bottom nips in the waist for a flattering fit. bonus: this magical palm print we designed in-house! polyamide/elastane. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import. online only.

 marysia™ french gramercy bikini bottom  with knots at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 high-waisted bikini bottom in laser-cut eyelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 cropped rash guard in nautical stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 side-tie bikini bottom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

words to dress by, when you want to get a head start on the weekend. this is a sexier version of our best-selling swimsuit, thanks to a lower back and thinner straps. tactel® nylon/spandex. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

this cute low-rise bikini bottom now comes in a magical palm print we designed in-house! polyamide/elastane. lined. our swimsuits are machine washable, but we recommend hand washing as it helps keep the fabric and the shape of the suit looking newer, longer. import.

 lowrider bikini bottom in rainbow seersucker at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 tie-sleeve top with pintucks in daisy floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite wide-leg cropped pant in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 tunic in cotton poplin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite easy pant stretch linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 tall classic popover shirt in smoky coral plaid at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

located on haberdasher street in london, drake's has been handcrafting scarves and ties (in the most gorgeous patterns) since 1977. we hand-picked this roses and riders print from their archives and had it recolored and printed in italy, in shades you'll only find here. sits at hip. easy through hip and thigh, with a straight leg. front rise: 34. 32 inseam. silk. drawstring at waist. dry clean. import. select stores.

 slim perfect shirt in leopard print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall wrap top in striped stretch cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

this pretty silk top has a low drapey back and a tie-neck that you can wear in the front, too. because we love options... body length: 25. silk. functional buttons at cuffs. dry clean. import. online only.

 petite straight leg pant in stretch chino at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 petite tiered bell-sleeve top in drapey crepe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 double-cloth lady day coat with thinsulate at jcrew.com and see our entire selection of women's coats & jackets.

 petite women's 2011 icon trench at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's coats. free shipping available.

 petite long tie-waist jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 garment-dyed chino swing jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

statement-y enough for a night out, yet still able to be worn with a t-shirt and jeans, these earrings are a total must. length: 1 1/2. stainless steel, brass wire, surgical steel post. import.

a silk top that's both chic (see: the classic-looking black-and-white print) and unique (that flattering tie-front). body length: 24 3/4. silk. long sleeves. functional buttons at cuffs. back keyhole with button closure. dry clean. import. online only.

ultra high rise skinny jean with a shorter inseam. crafted from super stretch premium denim in a dark indigo wash. cigarette fit through leg to hem.

these pants feature a classic silhouette, tailored with a slim cropped leg in super 120s wool from lanificio di tollegno (est. 1862, it's one of italy's oldest mills). what's so super about this fabric? 120 is the measure of the fiber: the higher the number, the finer the fiber, and 120 is one of the finest—so it has a silky-smooth finish and a refined drape. 31 inseam. wool. dry clean. import. online only.

 tall margot top in airy cotton piqué at jcrew.com and see our entire selection of women's shirts.

a pretty, ruffly top with classic stripes is perfect for summer. body length: 24 1/2. cotton. back keyhole with button closure. machine wash. import. online only.



our layer-over-and-under-everything vest in a slim, lightweight shape that's still really, really warm (and really, really flattering, thanks to cleverly placed side-zips). body length: 24. hits at hip. down-filled poly. machine wash. import. online only.

a polished take on your favoirite tank—it's stretchy, comfortable and looks just as good under a blazer as it does with jeans slim fit. body length: 20. modal/spandex.. import. online only.

a right-now silhouette in a timeless pattern, these manage to be both incredibly flattering and surprisingly easy to wear. plus ,the (unlined) silk has a beautiful drapey effect. sits above hip. easy through hip and thigh with a slightly wide leg. front rise: 11 3/4. 34 inseam. silk. pockets. dry clean. import. select stores.

 orbit earrings at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 pearl and crystal earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 oval and circle necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's necklaces. free shipping available.

 tassel and bead earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 tortoiseshell drop-hoop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 tall peasant top in liberty® d'anjo floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 drake's® for j.crew classic popover shirt in horseback rider florals at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 slim leather card case in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

we've got a thing for natural materials this season and raffia is high on our can't get enough list. this tote, for instance, features ring handles, a flat bottom (so no tipping over) and really summery vibes thanks to a pretty embroidered flower. 7 1/4h x 13 1/4w x 3d. 3 3/4 handle drop. straw. import. online only.

 slim leather card case in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 underwire balconette bra in point d'esprit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

how to turn any outfit into a vacation outfit: these whimsical, but still very wearable, stacked-shell hoop earrings say beach getaway even if you haven't left town. length: 2 1/4. brass castings, cubic zirconia, titanium posts with butterfly clutch closures. import.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated hexagon ring set at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 crochet bead and pearl drop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 cheeky hipster in stretch cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's intimates. free shipping available.

 tall maddie pant in two-way stretch cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 petite high-rise slim boy chino pant at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 9 inch cargo toothpick pant in camo print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 point sur seaside short in chambray at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shorts. free shipping available.

 striped bead drop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 pearl collar necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated heart charm at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

we love a good bomber jacket. in summery gingham with a feminine ruffled neckline, this might just be our new favorite. body length: 22 1/2. sleeve length: 29. hits at hip. poly/cotton/viscose/elastane. machine wash. import. select stores.

give your cup of tea a boost with this superfood chaga tea blend from nordicnordic. blended with the medicinal chaga mushroom grown on birch trees with cocoa shell and peppermint powder. featuring antioxidants, vitamins and minerals that will leave you refreshed, rejuvenated and ready to take on your day. inspired by the four unique seasons and clean environment of finland, nordicnordic was founded in 2015 to provide pure nutrition with innovative superfood blends. instilling every product with an ethos of joy, honesty, integrity and nature to bring only the best nutrients to you. they use only finnish ingredients in potent quantities and blends with their line of superfood powders and teas.  **how to use**    - soak in hot water for 5-7 minutes.    - can be enjoyed as hot or iced tea.    - each sachet can be used up to 3 times.    **content + care**    - ingredients: raw chaga, organic cocoa shell powder, organic peppermint powder    - imported    **size**    - 20 tea bags    - 1.5 oz    these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.

shop men's sweaters from urban outfitters. step up your sweater game with our latest crew neck, knit, cardigan, pullover, and striped styles. sign up for uo rewards and get 10% off your next purchase.

 exclusive dannijo x uo jewelry collection at urban outfitters. browse a selection of dannijo earrings, necklaces, and bracelets exclusively available at uo.

a lousy year in kanye west's life made for 808s and heartbreak, an lp of some seriously excellent songs, recorded in under two weeks on the island of hawaii with the help of auto-tune, some famous friends and a roland tr-808 drum machine. an unexpected sonic departure from his previous projects, 808s & heartbreak features the use of technology over classic rapping, lending a new level of interest to west's always-intriguing and undeniably fearless lyrical honesty. 2008, roc-a-fella.      **tracklisting**   1 . say you will   2 . welcome to heartbreak (featuring kid cudi)   3 . heartless   4 . amazing (featuring young jeezy)   5 . love lockdown   6 . paranoid (featuring mr. hudson)   7 . robocop   8 . street lights   9 . bad news   10 . see you in my nightmares (featuring lil wayne)   11 . coldest winter     

 j.crew playa monterey strappy bikini bottom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 baby bow back one-piece swimsuit in liberty® alpine pasture at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 cropped rash guard in nautical stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 ruched bandeau one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 tie shoulder dress in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swim. free shipping available.

 u-front bandeau bikini top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swim. free shipping available.

 tie-back scoop bikini top in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 underwire scoopback one-piece swimsuit in tiny bouquet floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 wrap and tie top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 tie-back one-piece swimsuit in leopard print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 sleeveless tie-waist peplum top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 underwire bikini top in lemon print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.

 tie shoulder dress in gingham at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swim. free shipping available.

 long torso ruched femme one-piece swimsuit at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's swimwear. free shipping available.



it's like wearing your boyfriend's boxer short, but fit for you. made of our signature 100% superfine pima cotton you will live in these butter soft shorts. finished with an elasticated waistband, button fly, and logo at hem. (ebjb29w)

 description  style number: s18117ja *if you do not see your size available, please contact customerservice@adamlippes.com and we will do our best to locate the item for you. thank you. size & fit measurements: item fits true to size model's height: 5'9" model is wearing size 2 composition & care composition: 51% acetate 33% silk 13% polyester 3% polymetallic washing instructions: dry clean only



 these soft cashmere gloves are perfect to complete any look. designed with a stripe and overlay for extra warmth.   fabric:100% cashmere.  one size.

get the bright, dewy skin of your dreams with this skin care kit from mario badescu. glycolic foaming cleanser works to lighten + brighten as it revitalizes and breaks down dead cells on the surface. alpha grapefruit cleansing lotion is a light toner that clears pores + diminishes dark spots. vitamin c serum reduces sun damage with antioxidants for an even, improved complexion. whitening mask uses kojic acid, licorice and mulberry extracts to gently lighten discolorations. glycolic skin rewewal complex exfoliates, smooths + moisturizes with papaya extract, vitamin a and glycolic acid. this regimen works cohesively to deliver the most amazing skin.      **content + care**    - includes glycolic foaming cleanser, alpha grapefruit cleansing lotion, whitening mask, vitamin c serum, glycolic skin renewal complex    - cleanser ingredients: deionized water (aqua), sodium lauryl sulfate, cocamide dea, cocamidopropyl betaine, sodium chloride, glycolic acid, matricaria (chamomile) extract, yarrow (achillea millefolium) extract, st. johns wort (hypericum performatum) extract, chamomile (anthemis nobilis) extract, sage (salvia officinalis) extract    - lotion ingredients: deionized water (aqua), aloe vera (aloe barbadensis leaf juice) gel, seaweed (fucus vesiculous) extract, lemon (citrus medic limonum) extract, grapefruit (citrus grandis) extract    - serum ingredients: propylene glycol, ascorbic acid, cucumber (cucumis sativus fruit) extract, ginseng (panax ginseng root) extract, aloe (aloe barbadensis leaf jucie) vera gel, collagen, hyaluronic acid, lavender (lavandula angustifolia flower extract) oil    - complex ingredients: deionized water (aqua), papaya (carica papaya fruit) extract, peanut (arachis hypogaea) oil, silicone, polyglycerylmethacrylate, propylene glycol, retinyl palmitate, cetyl alcohol, ceraphyl 424, glycolic acid, glycerin, methylparaben, diazolidinyl urea, propylparaben    - made in the usa      **size**    - cleanser: 1 oz    - lotion: 1 oz    - mask: 0.5 oz    - serum: 0.3 oz    - complex: 0.1 oz

auffälliger bettbezug mit textmuster, der ein wenig frechen wind in dein schlafzimmer bringt. du kannst den bezug vielseitig mit unseren anderen bezügen und kissen (separat erhältlich) kombinieren.  **inhalt und pflege**    - baumwolle    - maschinenwäsche    **grösse**    - einzelbett (beinhaltet 1 kissenbezug): 135 cm (b) x 200 cm (h)    - doppelbett (beinhaltet 2 kissenhüllen): 200 cm (b) x 200 cm (h)    - kingsize (beinhaltet 2 kissenhüllen): 230 cm (b) x 220 cm (h)    - kissenbezug: 75 cm x 50 cm 

vintage-look the rolling stones logo poster featuring mick jagger’s iconic tongue at the front.   **content + care**     - paper     - wipe clean     - made in the usa      **size**     - dimensions: 22.375”l x 34”h      

diese luxuriöse box mit abnehmbaren deckel ist perfekt zum aufbewahren deiner baumwollpads. die box aus acryl hat zur einfachen handhabung eine offene seite.  **inhalt und pflege**    - acryl    - handwäsche 

 tall j.crew mercantile broken-in t-shirt in blue heather stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve tees. free shipping available.

considered the finest variation of terry cloth, french terry is knit from two separate yarns—one that stays taut, and another that creates the soft loose loops, called piles, on the back of the cloth. we used the comfortable fabric to make these easy, causal shorts. cotton fleece. patch pockets. machine wash. import.

already a favorite among clothing connoisseurs, japan-based shuttle notes is known for using traditional spinning machines and looms to recreate exact replicas of vintage workwear. though time consuming, this method results in high-quality shirts you'll be hard-pressed to find anywhere else. this shirt is designed with an old-school camp collar, which is meant to be worn unbuttoned. a more traditional full cut, roomier in the body and sleeves. linen/cotton. machine wash. import. select stores.

 wallace & barnes cotton crewneck sweater in waffle at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's sweaters. free shipping available.

 cotton pajama pant in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's loungewear. free shipping available.

 end-on-end cotton pajama pant at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's loungewear. free shipping available.

our boxers are made from comfortable cotton in an assortment of clever patterns and rich colors because we feel our unmentionables should be worth mentioning. s (fits waists 28-30); m (fits waists 32-34); l (fits waists 36-38); xl (fits waists 40-42). 4 inseam. cotton. fly front. elastic waistband. machine wash. import.

 cotton tie in navy herringbone at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's ties. free shipping available.

 birdie print boxers at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's underwear. free shipping available.

 genuine indian madras tie in cranberry laurel at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's ties. free shipping available.

 jersey pajama short at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's loungewear. free shipping available.

 white v-neck undershirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's underwear. free shipping available.

 silk-linen tie in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's ties. free shipping available.

 tall french terry crewneck sweatshirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's fleece. free shipping available.

 french terry crewneck sweatshirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's fleece. free shipping available.

 tall french terry pullover hoodie at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's knits. free shipping available.

 9 inch board short in jungle fern print at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's swimwear. free shipping available.

 9 inch board short in blue stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's swimwear. free shipping available.

 9 inch board short in wave print at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's swimwear. free shipping available.

new for resort 2018. our iconic lisa marie maillot is the one-piece version of our scuba-inspired halter bikini. the namesake style is powerfully sexy. think modern bond girl. the halter is cut lean on the sides, while the back scoops just low enough. the neck fastens with a buckled velcro strap. wear the signature chunky zipper up or down, depending on your mood. the bottom offers medium coverage. the lisa marie maillot is seamed with sturdy zigzag stitches for an ultra-secure fit and a sleek, sculpted silhouette. our signature, seersucker fabrication is perfect for swimming or poolside sunbathing. shown here in cornflower blue. fabrication: 89% nylon, 11% elastane.   **new 2018 sizing. please refer to our 2018 size guide.   made in the u.s.a.

 new for spring 2018. the erica mini ruffle dress is the perfect summer dress. this pretty silhouette is detailed with feminine ruffles and the high neckline ties in the back. you can style for day with sandals or dress up with heels for a summer party. shown here in white with pink polka dots. mini length. fabrication: 100% linen.   **new 2018 sizing. please refer to our 2018 size guide.   made in the u.s.a.

 new for spring 2018. the erica mini ruffle dress is the perfect summer dress. this pretty silhouette is detailed with feminine ruffles and the high neckline ties in the back. you can style for day with sandals or dress up with heels for a summer party. shown here in pink daisy eyelet. mini length. fabrication: 100% cotton.   **new 2018 sizing. please refer to our 2018 size guide.   made in the u.s.a.

 the dree louise maillot is one of our most popular one piece swimsuits. the wrap around construction cinches your waist and ensures a sexy silhouette. the dree louise has been created in our exclusive crepe fabrication which is perfect swimming or sunbathing poolside. wear as your favorite swimsuit or style as a bodysuit with your favorite pair of jean shorts. shown here in faded navy crepe. medium coverage. fabrication: 85% nylon, 15% elastane.    made in the u.s.a.

 a portion of proceeds will be donated to the anti violence project, lgbt center nyc, and jeffrey's fashion cares.    not eligible for return  fit advisory: true to size composition: 94% viscose 6% elastane care: dry clean only made in: new york





 soludos® for j.crew espadrilles in chambray at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 ludlow semi-brogue oxfords at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 kenton leather cap-toe boots at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 9 inch stretch short in camo at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's shorts. free shipping available.

 short-sleeve shirt in light blue floral print at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve shirts. free shipping available.

 short-sleeve american pima cotton peace sign oxford with mechanical stretch at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve shirts. free shipping available.

 the 1990 macalister boot in oiled leather at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's footwear. free shipping available.

 tall j.crew mercantile broken-in t-shirt in sailboat sketch graphic at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve tees. free shipping available.

 tall 1984 rugby shirt in colorblock stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve tees. free shipping available.

 slim secret wash shirt in gingham at jcrew.com and see our entire selection of men's shirts.



 slim j.crew mercantile broken-in v-neck t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's short sleeve tees. free shipping available.

 wallace & barnes bowery stencil graphic tubular t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's knits. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated paper clip earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated short chain necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's necklaces. free shipping available.

 petite point sur seaside pant in chambray at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 new balance® for j.crew in-transit pullover in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

made with dozens of tiny seed beads and sparkly stones, these colorful earrings are kind of like the ! for your outfit. length: 3 1/4. brass castings and chain, acrylic beads, acrylic stones, cubic zirconia. titanium posts with disc clutch closures. import.

the ease of your favorite safari shirt, with a super-flattering peplum waist, plus a chill-fighting (removable!) faux-fur collar in the perfect burnt orange hue. body length: 24 1/2. sleeve length: 31 1/2. hits at hip. cotton. machine wash. import. select stores.



 play comme des garcons® v-neck sweater at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sweaters. free shipping available.

 canvas tote in camo at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 layered pendant necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's necklaces. free shipping available.

 j.crew mercantile ruched-waist dress in neon floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

a classic sheath dress that does the now-and-later thing effortlessly. wear it on its own now, or layer a lightweight turtleneck underneath later when temperatures drop. poly/elastane. import. select stores.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated whistle charm at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated orb stud earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

toute la douceur d'une rose s'exprime à travers ce collier féminin orné d'un pendentif, disponible en exclusivité chez uo. chaîne délicate avec pendentif rose et fini en métal poli brillant. fermoir mousqueton et chaîne d'extension.  **contenu + soins**    - métal    - facile à nettoyer      **taille**    - longueur de chaîne : 33 cm    - taille du pendentif : 3 cm 

wide leg pants in a pink plaid fabric with a slight sparkle for a fun finish. high-waisted and flared legs are flattering and elongating. this silhouette can be worn with a t-shirt or a blouse tucked in for a chic look. 

asymmetric pencil skirt with ruffled hem in our stretch poplin fabric from italy. sits at natural waist for a flattering fit. 

 off the shoulder top with feminine gathered sleeves in our signature cambridge fabric. smocking at the neckline allows for comfort and movement while highlighting the décolletage. three-quarter sleeves with bow tie at the cuff. 

 high-low voluminous skirt with asymmetric hem in our gingham poplin fabric. wrap-effect style to be worn at your natural waist. wear yours with a t-shirt for a chic casual look. 

this yummy little silk tank is actual perfection. two scoops, because one is never enough. subtle dip in front and back relaxed (but not oversized) body hits just below the hips

our classic featherweight cami with adjustable straps in limited edition tie dye composition100% silkimported our model is 5'10" and wearing a size small

 boys' band collar shirt in cotton-linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' shirts. free shipping available.

 boys' childrenchic® for crewcuts suede penny loafers at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' footwear. free shipping available.

 boys' disney® for crewcuts mickey mouse baseball t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' tops. free shipping available.

 strappy double-breasted dress in japanese cupro at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

our new (incredibly soft) everyday cashmere + cozy ribbed texture + a pretty gold zipper in the back = the turtleneck, 2.0. fitted. hits slightly below hip. cashmere. hand wash. import. select stores.

 tall boy blazer in pinstriped linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's suit separates. free shipping available.

 dover blazer in glen plaid at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's blazers. free shipping available.

trimmed with pretty blue pom-poms, this plaid top is perfect for parties (and piano recitals and trips to the playground...) p.s. we made a matching skirt! cotton. machine wash. import.

 girls' gathered top in elephants at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' tees. free shipping available.

a superclassic, cozy cable-knit sweater is just the thing for those chilly winter days. (bonus: it'll look just as great next year on little bro.) cotton/nylon/merino wool spot clean. import. select stores.

 girls' pull-on skirt with ruffles at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' skirts. free shipping available.

made from plaid flannel with a touch of shimmer, this ruffle-trimmed skirt is pretty enough for parties but easy enough to wear everyday. (bonus: it's machine-washable!) falls above knee. elastic waistband. lined. machine wash. import.

talk about groovy: this easy-to-use tie dye kit will let them turn their t-shirts (or leggings, or socks...) into bright, wearable works of art. for ages 8 and up. dyes up to 5 t-shirts. made in the usa. select stores.

 boys' bling20® swim mask in monstah mash at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' accessories. free shipping available.

 puffer parka at j.cew and see the entire selection of girls' outerwear jackets. free shipping available.

 girls' rain jacket in strawberry print at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' jackets. free shipping available.

 girls' pom-pom ponytail holders at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.

 girls' rainbow charm bracelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of girls' accessories. free shipping available.



 boys' chambray shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of boys' shirts. free shipping available.

our signature super skinny jean meets a handcrafted wash to give you a truly stellar look. the serena begins with a low-rise waist and fits smoothly for a fitted and skinny leg. authentic distressing and a faded wash throughout gives a well-worn yet sleek appearance.   low rise | super skinny  7.5” front rise  13.5” back rise  13.5” knee  11” bottom fit details  98% cotton, 2% elastane  11 oz  wash as infrequently as possible to maintain color and character  machine cash cold inside out with like colors 

the sleek and sexy serena super skinny is now available in petite sizes! we've readjusted the proportions - raised the knee, reduced the inseam, slimmed the leg - to custom fit our smaller customers. in a sleek and versatile grey, it's your new go-to skinny jean.fit detailspetite low rise super skinny7.5%22 front rise13.5%22 back rise13.5%22 knee11%22 leg opening26%22 inseam98% cotton, 2% elastane11 oz

a statement tee that exemplifies off-duty sophistication. crafted in 100% cotton with a lightly coated texture for structure, this new style for fall showcases a delicately drawn feather motif. cuffed short sleeves. (actual shirt is a darker grey than pictured).   printed tee  24.75%22 center back lenth (size s)  20%22 chest length (size s) fit details

a super-soft basic tee in a neutral color makes these the perfect everyday top to wear over jeans or shorts.fit details55% cotton, 45% polyester27%22 center back length (size l)19%22 chest (size l) 

the perfect combination of comfort and classic style, the myles is ideal for the man seeking a relaxed rise in a versatile straight leg. the shaded williamsburg features a premium, comfort fabric with just enough whiskering and fading for an ultra modern look.mid rise | straight leg11” front rise15” back rise17.5” knee16.5” bottomfit details98% cotton, 2% elastane11 oz

back in stock by popular demand, the max is a favorite for guys wanting a roomy leg that doesn't compromise on style. our widest leg available, the dark festival features a clean dark wash with a touch of stretch for maximum comfort and movement.mid rise | wide leg87% cotton, 12% pes, 1% elastane, 11 oz12%22 front rise15.5%22 back rise19.5%22 leg openingfit details

introducing the newest addition to our fall bootcut collection. malin features a slimmer bootcut leg (compared to the classic ashley) and button flaps on the back pockets. in a versatile medium wash and a soft fabric hugs your curves, it's a stylish alternative to classic bootcut options.     mid rise | flap pocket bootcut 87% cotton, 12% pes, 1% elastane, 11 oz 8.5” front rise 13.5” back rise 14” knee 14” bottom botton flaps on back pocket fit details

our newest iteration of the timeless slim leg jake features a medium wash for a modern and clean look. not too straight, not too skinny, the jake is our most streamlined fit the guy wanting sleek and refined. in this new stand-out wash, it's the perfect base to style with a cool white button down or tee.regular rise | slim leg10.5” front rise15” back rise16.5” knee14” bottomfit details98% cotton, 2% elastane9 oz

our clean and contemporary slim leg, jake, in a grey wash is the essence of style. featuring a sleek coated material, the stone coated italy has a dressier feel that's equally appropriate for casual occasions.regular rise | slim leg10.5” front rise15” back rise16.5” knee14” bottomfit details98% cotton, 2% elastane10.5oz

the clean and contemporary silhouette of our signature slim leg, jake, exemplifies our premium men's denim line. this style is tailored to perfection and features a deep indigo wash with minimal whiskering for an ultra rich and refined look. moderate stretch fabrication ensures comfort all day while you wear these from day to night.regular rise | slim leg95% cotton, 3% pes, 2% elastane, 10 oz10.5” front rise15” back rise16.5” knee14” bottomfit details

from our white edge collection, this pair is tailored with a slim leg and regular rise in  super soft deep dark wash denim.    regular rise | slim leg 87% cotton, 12% pes, 1% ea, 10 oz 10.5%22 front rise 15%22 back rise 16.5%22 knee 14%22 leg opening fit details

the clean and contemporary silhouette of our signature slim leg, jake, exemplifies our premium men's denim line white edge. this style is tailored to perfection with a wash featuring a one-of-a-kind, handcrafted process that carries out a naturally aged appearance in the fabric. authentic selvedge trim detailing completes the vintage look. regular rise | slim leg10.5” front rise15” back rise16.5” knee14” leg openingfit details98% cotton, 2% spandex11 ozwash as infrequently as possible to maintain color and charactermachine cash cold inside out with like colors

clean and contemporary, the jacob in navy twill is what a basic should be. the timeless fit is slightly tapered for a polished look that's perfect for dressier occasions. durable twill is finely brushed for a hand-feel so soft you'll want to invest in more than one pair.    mid rise | shorts 97% cotton, 3% elastane 10 oz 11%22 front rise 15%22 back rise 11%22 inseam    fit details 97% cotton, 3% elastane 10 oz 

introducing our newest addition to our popular men's twill collection. jacob is a contemporary slim fit chino short that's comfortable and style and works even for more formal occasions in the warmer months. the timeless black wash make these shorts a perfect canvas to mix and match with colors and patters to create a look all your own.     mid rise | chino shorts 11%22 front rise 15%22 back rise 11%22 inseam   final sale. no returns or exchanges. fit details 97% cotton, 3% elastane 10 oz 

cut for a standard fit, this button-down shirt is polished yet comfortable in a lightweight cotton fabric. classic details ensure effortless styling with season-to-season wearability. long sleeves, curved hem, logo on the chest.   100% cotton  27.5%22 center back length  19%22 chest fit details

our updated boyfriend fit is the epitome of casual cool style. with a slightly tapered leg and relaxed, sexy silhouette, the emma always looks effortless but never slouchy. with handcrafted rips for an authentic vintage look, the rip and repair vintage features a lived in, well worn look that'll look great day or night.   slim boyfriend  8%22 front rise  13.5%22 back rise  15%22 knee  13.5%22 leg opening fit details  94% cotton, 4% poly, 2% elastane  11 oz 

our updated boyfriend fit is the epitome of casual cool style. with a slightly tapered leg and relaxed, sexy silhouette, the emma always looks effortless but never slouchy. the dark vintage is the perfect shade of blue with just the right amount of fading for a lived-in casual-cool look.    slim boyfriend  8” front rise  13.5” back rise  15” knee  13.5” bottom fit details  98% cotton, 2% elastane  10.5 oz  wash as infrequently as possible to maintain color and character  machine cash cold inside out with like colors 

say what you mean with these word + chain threader earrings by jennifer zeuner jewelry, available only at uo. seamless construction ending in solid tassel finishes.  **content + care**    - plated brass        - wipe clean     - imported         **size**    - length: 2.5”

mit diesem spiegel sorgst du in jedem zimmer für einen hauch überragendes boho-flair. du kannst das modell im kaktusdesign mühelos an der wand befestigen. die schrauben zum aufhängen sind nicht im lieferumfang enthalten.  **inhalt und pflege**    - glas    - nur abwischen 

dieser kegelförmige räucherstäbchenhalter mit geodesign ist die perfekte wahl für deine liebsten räucherstäbchen (separat zum verkauf angeboten).  **inhalt und pflege**    - aus keramik    - nur abwischen 

quench skin with a refreshing wash of hydration with this hyaluronic acid toning mist from bybi beauty. hyaluronic acid retains 1000x its weight in moisture, plumping, softening and revitalizing the appearance of skin. rose, orange blossom and lemon balm waters add a refreshing feel without weighing down with oils and grease. founded by two beauty bloggers in 2017, bybi beauty presents a skincare line formulated with 100% vegan, natural and cruelty-free ingredients, cultivated specially to benefit skin. they are founded on the principles of transparent practices, innovation and simple products that work.  **how to use**    - use as a traditional toner after cleansing or use as a facial mist throughout the day to maintain soft, hydrated skin.    **content + care**    - ingredients: rosa damascena (rose) flower water, citrus aurantium amara (bitter orange) flower water, melissa officinalis (lemon balm) flower/leaf/stem water, glycerin, aqua (water), propanediol, sodium levulinate, heptyl glucoside, caprylyl/capryl glucoside, sodium anisate, sodium hyaluronate (hyaluronic acid), aloe barbadensis leaf juice powder, camellia sinensis (camellia) leaf extract, laminaria digitata (algae) extract, punica granatum (pomegranate) fruit extract, lactic acid, polyglyceryl-5 oleate, sodium cocoyl glutamate, citric acid, glyceryl caprylate, heptanol    - imported    **size**    - 1.69 fl oz  

sulfate-free cooling scrub uses sugar instead of salt to gently soothe sensitive and over-worked scalps. apple cider vinegar works to clarify  while walnut oil nourishes to leave hair shiny, soft and rebalanced. this product is vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, color safe with uv protection, and formulated without sulfates, parabens, mineral oil, or petroleum.   **how to use**        - use at least once a week in place of your normal shampoo. work into scalp, massaging first from the hairline back and then from the nape of the neck up. add more water throughout treatment to create a thick lather. massage until the exfoliants melt away, then rinse thoroughly.    **content + care**        - ingredients: sucrose, glycerin, methyl gluceth-20, sodium cocoyl isethionate, sodium lauroyl lactylate, juglans regia (walnut) shell powder, parfum/fragrance, mentha piperita (peppermint) oil, juglans regia (walnut) seed oil, menthyl lactate, vinegar, amodimethicone, ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, ethylhexylglycerin, aqua/water/eau, bht, phenoxyethanol, benzyl salicylate, butylphenyl methylpropional     - made in the usa        **size**      - 5 oz  

the perfect card for your plant-loving lover from humdrum paper company. comes with a coordinating envelope and blank interior so all you need to do is add your own sweet sentiment!    **content**      - includes a card + envelope      - paper    - made in the usa    **size**      - card dimensions: 4.5"w x 6.25"l       - envelope dimensions: 4.75"w x 6.5"l     

 tall easy pant in foulard print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated chain bracelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bracelets. free shipping available.

 vintage pajama set at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's lounge. free shipping available.

 dreamy cotton pant in stripe at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's lounge. free shipping available.

the cool-girl field jacket just got girlier, thanks to ruched sleeves, long ties and a slightly cropped fit. body length: 23 1/2. sleeve length: 33 3/4. hits at hip. cotton/elastane. machine wash. import. select stores.

 uncoated downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 cropped fatigue jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's blazers. free shipping available.

 thomas mason® for j.crew tuxedo shirt in stripe at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

this necklace is made with hundreds of tiny glass beads, for a look that's ornate yet still incredibly versatile. length: 16 with a 2 extender chain for adjustable length. brass chain, glass beads, lobster claw, cubic zirconia. import.

 tie-front linen shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 disc drop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

this cute short sleeve cotton pj set is anything but a snoozefest, with a classic button-down shirt and drawstring-waist shorts. bonus: the sweet strawberry print (we've got a thing for fruit, this season). favorite fit—our most universal fit with a medium rise. sits below waist. hits slightly below hip. 2 inseam. cotton. short sleeves. machine wash cold. import. online only.

 cropped pull-on pant in jacquard at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 wide-leg crop pant in 365 crepe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 wide-leg pant in prince of wales at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

our year-after-year best seller, crafted in toasty stadium-cloth wool made just for us at the family-owned nello gori mill in italy. bonus: a hood with chic (and removable) faux-fur trim has the ability to make you feel a little more pulled together when it's freezing out. body length: 31 1/4. sleeve length: 31 1/4. hits at midthigh. italian wool/nylon. dry clean. import. online only.

 garment-dyed bomber jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's blazers. free shipping available.

 high-rise slim boy chino pant at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 sparkle stud earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 pearl double-hoop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 knit pajama set in stripe at j.cew and see the entire selection of women's lounge. free shipping available.

 regent pant in super 120s wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

 brooklyn" pullover sweatshirt" at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

this slim, sleek, fully-lined trouser is crafted in super 120s wool from italy's lanificio di tollegno mill, est. 1862. and in case you're wondering what makes it so super... 120 is the measure of fiber, and the higher the number, the finer the fabric—so this fabric is extra fine (meaning it has a silky-smooth finish and a refined drape). 30 1/2 inseam. wool. dry clean. import. online only.

 stretch chino in 1450 relaxed fit at j.crew and see the entire selection of men's chino pants. free shipping available.

 perfect-fit v-neck t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 saint james® for j.crew striped sweatshirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's fleece. free shipping available.

 supersoft supima® tank in stripes at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 supersoft supima® v-neck t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

with thin straps and a front-and-back scoop that dips low—but not too low (read: you can still wear a bra with it), this linen tank is the perfect layer. slightly loose fit. body length: 24 1/2. linen. hand wash. import.

 striped boatneck t-shirt at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

hydrate on the go with this moisturizing body butter stick from h20+ beauty. scented with a fresh forest rose fragrance, utilizing coconut seed butter and coconut oil to nourish skin and maintain a soft, silky feel in a tsa-friendly stick so you’re never caught with dry, flaky skin. formulated without parabens, mineral oils and phthalates. founded in 1989, h20+ beauty encourages women to define beauty on their own terms with a line of water-based cleansers, toners, moisturizers and treatments that bring out the best in skin. their line features collections designed to hydrate, brighten, protect + defend skin so you're always equipped with a flawless complexion.  **how to use**    - sweep stick across skin, applying slight pressure.    - use anywhere that needs hydration including arms, legs, hands, cuticles, knees, etc.    **content + care**    - ingredients: isopropyl myristate, ozokerite, hydrogenated soybean oil, candelilla cera/euphorbia cerifera (candelilla) wax/cire de candelilla, beeswax/cera alba/cire d'abeille, shorea robusta seed butter, fragrance/parfum, rosa centifolia flower extract, tectona grandis wood extract, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, shorea stenoptera seed butter, hydrogenated vegetable oil, cocos nucifera (coconut) seed butter, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, glycine soja (soybean) oil, tocopherol, myristic acid, phenoxyethanol, coumarin, limonene, alpha-isomethyl ionone, linalool    - made in the usa      **size**    - 2.1 oz  

reflektierende sonnenbrille in auffälligem, farblich abgestimmtem design. der geformte nasensteg macht den style perfekt.  **inhalt und pflege**    - plastik    - nur abwischen 

dieses schwimmkissen aus robustem vinyl ist einfach wunderbar. das aufblasen ist wirklich ein kinderspiel.   **inhalt und pflege**        - vinyl       - nur abwischen              

klassische, goldfarbene casio-uhr im retro-stil mit digitaler anzeige, stoppuhr mit alarmfunktion, hintergrundbeleuchtung, metallgliederarmband und der option einer anzeige im 12- oder 24-stunden-format.       **inhalt und pflege**    - verschiedene metalle    - wasserdicht    - armbandbreite: 2 cm    - karabinerverschluss

 100% cotton hand wash only

 100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only model is 5' 11"   note: each piece is handmade by various artisan families in mexico. due to the nature of the fabric and process, each piece is one of a kind in color and fit.

  if you don't see the color or size you are looking for and would like to see more options or have any questions, please email us at specialorders@jenspiratebooty.com. there are no additional charges for special orders, just regular retail price. unfortunately, we don't offer any discounted or sale pricing for special orders. all regular shipping rates will apply. for international orders additional shipping charges may be required for multiple shipments. we ask to allow up to 4-8 weeks for delivery of special orders and once your order has been placed all sales are final. keep in mind all of our garments are hand made and dyed so it takes some time but we'll do our best to get you your order as soon as possible.  we transformed one of our best selling styles into a maxi dress. this dress has a flowy fit, and a low back featuring spaghetti straps.  mini version of this dress here.  100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only model is 5'9"  note: each piece is handmade by various artisan families in mexico. due to the nature of the fabric and process, each piece is one of a kind in color and fit.

 100% cotton hand wash only made in mexico

ankle strap pointy toe pump.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 3.75" heel leather/ synthetic upper, leather lining, synthetic sole buckle closure

    100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only  if you don't see the color or size you are looking for and would like to see more options or have any questions, please email us at specialorders@jenspiratebooty.com. there are no additional charges for special orders, just regular retail price. unfortunately, we don't offer any discounted or sale pricing for special orders. all regular shipping rates will apply. for international orders additional shipping charges may be required for multiple shipments. we ask to allow up to 4-8 weeks for delivery of special orders and once your order has been placed all sales are final. keep in mind all of our garments are hand made and dyed so it takes some time but we'll do our best to get you your order as soon as possible. note: each piece is handmade in mexico by one of our various artisans. due to the nature of the cotton gauze fabric, hand dye and this unique process, each piece can vary slightly in color and fit.      

    100% cotton made in mexico hand wash only  if you don't see the color or size you are looking for and would like to see more options or have any questions, please email us at specialorders@jenspiratebooty.com. there are no additional charges for special orders, just regular retail price. unfortunately, we don't offer any discounted or sale pricing for special orders. all regular shipping rates will apply. for international orders additional shipping charges may be required for multiple shipments. we ask to allow up to 4-8 weeks for delivery of special orders and once your order has been placed all sales are final. keep in mind all of our garments are hand made and dyed so it takes some time but we'll do our best to get you your order as soon as possible. note: each piece is handmade in mexico by one of our various artisans. due to the nature of the cotton gauze fabric, hand dye and this unique process, each piece can vary slightly in color and fit.

mid-calf offset stack heeled boot.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 4" heel 11" shaft, 11.5 leg opening fabric upper, leather lining, synthetic sole zipper closure

jaguar print fur boot with bronze metal-effect heel.  fits true to size measurements taken from size 6 2.5" heel 5.75" shaft, 8.75" leg opening leather upper, leather lining, synthetic sole zipper closure

 jen's little pirates is our kid's collection made especially for our little pirates!  100% rayon hand wash only made in usa   age/size  18-24 months xxs = 2/3 xs = 4/5 s = 6/7 m = 8 l = 10

 jen's little pirates is our kid's collection made especially for our littlest pirates!  hand wash only made in usa   age/size  12-18 months 18-24 months xxs = 2/3 xs = 4/5 s = 6/7 m = 8 

sizing/age:  xxs = 2/3 xs = 4/5 s = 6/7 m = 8 l = 10 xl = 12   this item is a jenspiratebooty.com exclusive.   photo c/o instagrammer, @ahippiesdaughter

one foot in front of the other. mother keeps her balance with a sleek pair of boot cut jeans in a dark blue wash. a frayed ankle hem keeps this look feeling up to date. made in los angeles. style no. 1117-104-ote

mother will knock your socks off. one minute salty, the next sweet, she swears to always keep you on your toes. her knee-high socks will bring a whole lot of color to your life with bold lettering and a vintage-inspired style. imported. style no. 7003-506-hzn final sale, no returns.

put your hands together for mother. her shrunken madeworn baby tee deserves a standing ovation for its hand distressed details and washed out design.  made in usa. style no. t162-611-dwh, mwrs160mt

fill in the blanks. mother’s n.w.a. fleece crewneck from madeworn speaks louder than words. with a super soft texture and hand distressed details, this sweatshirt was built to stick around. made in usa. style no. t009-611-dwh, mwnwa014sw

mother’s secret obsession is her black oversized burnout shirt. whether she’s out flying high or perched by her lonesome, the only one she’s trying to impress is herself. made in los angeles. style no. 8521-483-fdb

not too short and not too long but just right at a comfy 3" inseam. the charmer fray short is mother's go-to denim short in true blue girl crush. easy and relaxed with a simple fray. made in los angeles. style no. 4184-383-gcr  this style runs small. mother suggests sizing up.

mother is coast to coast. she'll be gone before you know it but not without a hug goodbye in her soft vintage tee. made in los angeles. style no. 8531-522-adp final sale, no returns.

there’s nothing like a weekend away at the cabin to bring out the fever in mother. her white as-snow sherpa body adds a layer of warmth to her rigid, boxy-fit, creamy white jean jacket with side slit pockets. imported. style no. 3111-544-act  final sale, no returns.

 tall paley pant in super 120s wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

 tall paley pant in super 120s wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

 point sur seaside pant in cotton twill at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 petite9 cargo toothpick pant in camo print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 perfect rainjacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 petite uncoated downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 petite long tie-waist jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated pearl collar necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's necklaces. free shipping available.

 petite oversized denim jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 half-moon earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated chain ring set at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 pearl cherry earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 layered coin necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's necklaces. free shipping available.

pack of instax mini film framed with assorted prints featuring gudetama, our favorite lazy egg! from the experts at fujifilm. pairs perfectly with your instax mini camera (not included). produces credit card-sized photos. includes 10 sheets.  **content + care**       - pack of 10    - film, paper    - wipe clean    - imported    **size**      - box dimensions: 2.5"l x 1"w x 3.75"h     

catch the moon with these polished, metal crescent hoop earrings from cloverpost. open-ended hoop in a shiny metal, cut chunky for major impact with a wedge silhouette and post closure. founded in 2013 by a trio of nashville-based sisters, cloverpost designs minimalist jewelry that stands out with simplicity. the line of necklaces, earrings, bracelets and rings is handcrafted in tennessee with a modern perspective on a timeless aesthetic.  **content + care**    - 14 karat gold, brass, sterling silver    - wipe clean    - made in the usa    **size**    - width: 0.35”  

we teamed up with net-a-porter on a very special, very stripey collection, featuring 25 limited-edition pieces...like this colorful sweater in ivory and flamingo. slightly fitted. hits above the hip. limited edition. merino wool. long sleeves. dry clean. import.

 linen eyelet jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's blazers. free shipping available.

 asymmetrical sheath dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite belted dress in linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 women's birkenstock® arizona sandals at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's sandals. free shipping available.

 superga® 2750 classic sneakers at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.



 short-sleeve keyhole dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 petite point sur faux-wrap dress in crinkle cotton floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 large leather pouch in fruit salad at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 straw market tote at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 water-resistant pouch in waves at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated knot hoops at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated short paper clip necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

our customer-favorite tie-neck dress is back. crafted in our 365 crepe which we named because—you guessed it—it's the perfect weight for 365 days a year, it's a win-win for the boardroom. and dinner. and the ballet. you get where we're going here... 42 1/2 from high point of shoulder (based on size 6t). poly. dry clean. import. online only.

this sleek sheath silhouette features flattering cap sleeves, pockets and refined stretch seersucker. in other words, it's completely qualified to handle whatever comes its way (interviews, meetings, you name it). 38 from high point of shoulder (based on size 8p). cotton/nylon/elastane. machine wash. import. online only.

 tall j.crew mercantile ruched-waist dress in vintage floral at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

weddings and weekends (and everything in between), say hello to the easiest maxi dress yet. made from a crinkly chiffon blend fabric, it's not only super flattering, it's incredibly comfy too. bonus: the pretty floral print will make this a springtime favorite. falls below knee. poly. machine wash. import.

 demi-fine 14k gold-plated long paper clip necklace at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jewelry. free shipping available.

 multi-bead and stone hoop earrings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's earrings. free shipping available.

 lime coin purse at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's bags. free shipping available.

 tall drapey-ruffle front dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 new balance® for j.crew performance capri leggings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's active knits. free shipping available.

 j.crew mercantile cap-sleeve midi dress in superbloom at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

 résumé dress at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's dresses. free shipping available.

weddings and weekends (and everything in between), say hello to the easiest maxi dress yet. made from a crinkly chiffon blend fabric, it's not only super flattering, it's incredibly comfy too. bonus: the pretty floral print will make this a springtime favorite. falls below knee. poly. machine wash. import. online only.

details matter in this classic v-neck tee. featuring a super-soft, premium cotton-blend fabrication, this tee also features a minimally frayed v-neck collar and sleeves for a versatile basic tee that's anything but boring. fit detailsv-neck tee100% cotton20.5%22 chest (size l)27.5%22 center back length (size l)

soft lounge-worthy sweatpants with drawstring waistband with side pockets. features a slouchy silhouette with elastic waistband and streamlined leg. super soft and smooth fabric make these the elevated joggers of your dreams!    9%22 front rise  14.5%22 back rise  15%22 knee  29%22 inseam  88% cotton, 10% polyester, 2% elastane fit details

the alissa high rise super skinny is now available in petite sizes! we've readjusted the proportions - raised the knee, reduced the inseam, slimmed the leg - to custom fit our smaller customers. in a sleek and versatile medium wash, it's your new go-to skinny jean.petite high rise super skinny9%22 front rise14%22 back rise13.5%22 knee11%22 leg opening26%22 inseamfit details98% cotton, 2 elastane10 oz

our dd and ddd cup crew, this one's for you! this supportive bralette features a soft liner with an inner supportive sling for a dose of magic in all the right places. recommended sizing: size 1: 34d, 32dd, 36d, 34dd, 32ddd, size 2: 38d, 36dd, 34ddd, 38dd, 36ddd, 38ddd

your all-day everyday "am i wearing undies?" thong low rise so it sits on hips minimal back coverage - adios, vpl *all undies are final sale our girls say size down if you're between sizes.

the softest first layer for the sporty spice in all of us. trust us you won't want to take this off. unpadded, soft lining for a lounge-worthy fit.  recommended sizing: xs (30a-b, 32aa-b), s (32c-d, 34aa-b), m (32dd, 34c-dd, 36a-b), l (36c-dd, 38a-d). our girls say size down if you're between band sizes!



vintage sport vibes in a cheeky bottom. *all undies are final sale our girls say size down if you're between sizes.

vintage sport vibes in a cheeky bottom. *all undies are final sale our girls say size down if you're between sizes.

this flirty eyelet slip dress is elegantly detailed with ruffles which outline the front button down and neckline. our exclusive, poppy eyelet fabrication trims the hem with a delicate scallop edge. the silhouette skims the body and the matching belt ties to cinch the waist. pair with flat sandals for an elegant look. 

our venice long sleeves are hand crafted in los angeles from ultra soft cotton modal 2x1 rib with contrasting dyes for subtle contemporary attitude. this unique piece will become a casual favorite. model is 5'8'' and wearing a size s 50-supima-cotton-50-modal,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 this tee is a study in simplicity. well suited for every day or weekend wear. it's made from soft japanese cotton with a slub finish, and cut with side slits to emphasize the relaxed look and feel. made in los angeles.  model is 6’2’’ and is wearing a us size l 100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 this tee is a study in simplicity. well suited for every day or weekend wear. it's made from soft japanese cotton with a slub finish, and cut with side slits to emphasize the relaxed look and feel. made in los angeles.  model is 6’2’’ and is wearing a us size l 100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 this shirt is a study in simplicity. well suited for every day or weekend wear. it's made from soft japanese cotton with a slub finish, and cut with side slits to emphasize the relaxed look and feel. made in los angeles.  model is 6’2’’ and is wearing a us size l 100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

the monaco crop ls is a slimming new silhouette cut from a novelty military thermal. this piece is grinded and distressed by hand throughout the body for a unique contemporary look. 100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

 the cotton citizen milan trousers are handcrafted in los angeles. these pants have a drawstring waistband, trouser pockets and its soft french terry interior ensures maximum comfort. french-terry,100-cotton,machine-wash-cold,tumble-dry-low,do-not-bleach

introducing our new summer lace in a refined geometric pattern, accented with crepe ties. this is kisuii's perfect summer romance story.



a bold, keyhole nosebridge, custom detailing and premium titanium integration give wright’s classic, rounded silhouette a dynamic edge.  lifetime warranty rose gold titanium hardware handcrafted, acetate frames   prescription ready size 51-19-145  premium hard case microfiber cleaning cloth

lightweight titanium merges seamlessly with hand-carved acetate, making valence a classic, rounded silhouette and a universally-flattering shape.  lifetime warranty silver gradient mirrored lens 24k gold plated titanium hardware handcrafted, acetate frames 100% uva / uvb protection   prescription ready size 48-22-145  premium hard case microfiber cleaning cloth



earhart blinker swaps the classic teardrop shape for one with clean| modern edges| to create an updated| rectangular aviator with sleek acetate sideshields and premium titanium detailing.  lifetime warranty mercury gradient mirrored lens 24k titanium hardware handcrafted| acetate frames 100% uva / uvb protection   size 53-21-145  premium hard case microfiber cleaning cloth



we like to imagine that this is what audrey hepburn would wear to the grocery store. the classic, naturally, features the most classic fit, taking its inspiration from the straight cut of the traditional french marinière. made from perfectly comfortable 100% cotton knit jersey, the classic also features three-quarter sleeves, and a round neck. this style runs small so please size up. overall, a clean, finished look that can be dressed up or down.

a cute, double strap flat pairs perfectly with denim, chino, wool...pretty much every pant in your closet. calf hair upper. leather lining. import. select stores.

 espadrille wedges (83mm) with ankle wrap in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's footwear. free shipping available.

 tall slim perfect shirt in stretch cotton at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 slim perfect shirt in cotton poplin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

you actually may not believe this cute top is crafted in cozy flannel...but it is, and it's ready for all of the holiday adventures you have in store. body length: 24 1/4. cotton. bracelet sleeves. machine wash. import. online only.

 funnelneck shirt in eyelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

like your boyfriend's classic flannel button-down but made just for you, thanks to strategically-placed seams for a more fitted shape. body length: 27 1/4. cotton. functional buttons at cuffs. button placket. chest pockets. machine wash. import. online only.

a classic, slim silhouette that's super-flattering and really versatile (both heels and flats work). plus, it's crafted in a chino with a hint of stretch so it's really comfortable too. sits just above hip. fitted through hip and thigh, with a skinny, cropped leg. front rise: 9 1/2. 28 1/2 inseam. 11 1/2 leg opening (based on size 0). cotton/elastane. pockets. machine wash. import. online only.

 martie slim crop pant in stretch cotton with side zip at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

 petite paley pant in super 120s wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

everything you love about our easy pant (elastic waist, flattering fit) now in of-the-moment velvet. slim through hip and thigh, with a slim, straight leg. front rise: 10 1/4; 26 inseam; 13 1/2 leg opening (based on size 6). poly. elastic waistband. pockets. machine wash. import.

a seriously-flattering silk pant with a (removable) tie is the perfect party pick. wear it with its matching top for a head-to-toe look we like to call a hookup. sits above hip. easy through hip and thigh, with a slightly wide leg. front rise: 34. 33 inseam. silk. dry clean. import. select stores.

 ankle-zip leggings at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's knits. free shipping available.

 tall point sur seaside pant in cotton twill at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's pants. free shipping available.

a seriously-flattering silk pant with a (removable) tie is the perfect party pick. wear it with its matching top for a head-to-toe look we like to call a hookup. sits above hip. easy through hip and thigh, with a slightly wide leg. front rise: 34. 33 inseam. silk. dry clean. import. select stores.

 lined campbell trouser in italian stretch wool at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's suit pants.

 petite collared popover in garment-dyed cotton poplin at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite silk ruffle-neck blouse at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 tall funnelneck shirt in eyelet at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

pretty ruffles and silk make this top the ultimate desk-to-dinner piece. body length: 271/4. silk. dry clean. import. online only.

 petite utility pocket shirt in chambray stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall everyday shirt in striped poplin at jcrew.com and see the entire selection of women's shirts.

auffällige und robuste uhr von g-shock mit digitalem zifferblatt, stoppuhr, countdown-zähler und weckfunktion. das stoßfeste design wird durch das verstellbare armband abgerundet.  **specials**    - stoßfest    - wasserdicht bis 200 meter    - led-hintergrundbeleuchtung    - weltzeit-anzeige    - 5 weckereinstellungen täglich    - 1/100-sekunden-stoppuhr    - countdown-zähler     - batterie-warnanzeige    - batterie: cr2032    - batterielebensdauer: etwa 3 jahre    **inhalt und pflege**    - kunststoff, elektronik    - nur abwischen 

mit diesen ohrsteckern mit libellendesign verpasst du deinen styles eine verspielte und minimalistische note.  **inhalt und pflege**    - verschiedene metalle    - nur abwischen    - hinweis: ohrstecker können aus hygienischen gründen nicht zurückgesendet oder umgetauscht werden     **grösse**    - länge des anhängers: 1cm

 long-sleeve ruffle top in tiny cherries at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 short-sleeve button-up shirt in stripe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall slim perfect shirt in piece-dyed irish linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 stretch tailored perfect bodysuit in silk at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 tall ruffle classic popover shirt in mini windowpane at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

a cute peasant top with embellisments is exactly what your jeans have been missing. body length: 25. cotton. machine wash. import.

the oversized shirt you love to steal from him but better, because it's shrunken down to fit you. we gave this one a windowpane-gingham check we love and made it supersoft in a lightweight flannel, so it's the perfect shirt for, well, pretty much anywhere. body length: 28 1/2. cotton. machine wash. import.

the coolest way to dress up sans an actual dress: these silk pull-on pants with an adjustable ribbon tie and a straight, cropped leg. featuring a print from london's liberty art fabrics, the british print house famous since 1875 for its signature florals and paisleys. p.s. even better when paired with the matching top. sits above hip. fitted through hip and thigh with a straight, cropped leg. front rise: 10 3/4; 26 inseam; 22 leg opening (based on size 25). 100% silk. elastic waistband. dry clean. import. select stores.

 french girl slim crop pant in 365 crepe at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's suit separates. free shipping available.

our coziest wool coat ever with ribbed trim at the neck and cuffs, plus a quilted super-fill lining for extra warmth. in stadium-cloth wool made especially for us by italy's nello gori mill. inspired by the fabric used in old-school stadium blankets, it adds warmth without the bulk—and we've been using it in our collection every year since 2006. body length: 33 1/2. sleeve length: 34. hits at midthigh. italian wool/nylon. lined. dry clean. import. online only.

 petite tie-sleeve top with pintucks at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

the oversized shirt you love to steal from him but better, because it's shrunken down to fit you. we gave this one a windowpane check we love and made it supersoft in a lightweight flannel, so it's the perfect shirt for, well, pretty much anything. body length: 28 1/2. cotton. machine wash. import.

this pretty popover shirt with a lace bib is a closet must. body length: 25. cotton. machine wash. import.

 slim perfect shirt in piece-dyed irish linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 button-up peplum top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 petite utility pocket shirt in denim at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite lace ruffle-neck top at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 slim perfect shirt in piece-dyed irish linen at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's button-down shirts. free shipping available.

 petite perfect rainjacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

 petite ruffle classic popover shirt in mini windowpane at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

 tall popover shirt in terrier print at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's shirts. free shipping available.

the best of both worlds...a military-inspired utility shirt, with pretty pockets and a cropped fit. body length: 22 1/2. cotton. button placket. chest pockets. machine wash. import.

 petite quilted downtown field jacket at j.crew and see the entire selection of women's jackets. free shipping available.

shop men's faux fur coats and sherpa jackets from urban outfitters. relive the 90's with a long fur coat or satin jacket or keep it modern with slim-fit styles. receive free shipping for purchases of $50 or more on us orders.

6-pack mask kit from peter thomas roth to meet all your clinical skin care needs. blue marine algae intense hydrating mask + rose stem cell bio-repair mask + 24k gold firming mask + irish moor mud purifying black mask + cucumber gel hydrating mask + pumpkin enzyme dermal mask.  **content + care**    - 6 individual mini tubes    - imported  **size**    - .47 oz

browse urban outfitters wu wear collection and gear up in wu tang clan inspired clothing. shop our selection of wu tang clothes and show off the wu in you.

deep clean your skin after a busy day with this detoxifying facial cleanser from la-based port products. formulated with yucca root extract, a natural cleanser that’s gentle enough to use every day. enriched with oat extract, lavender essential oil + aloe juice to soothe + nourish. spearmint + peppermint oil adds an energizing boost. paraben, sulfate + cruelty free.   **content + care**    - ingredients: water, cocamidopropyl betaine, cocamidopropyl hydroxysultaine, glycerin, peg-150 distearate, cocamide mipa, polyquaternium-7, avena sativa (oat) kernel extract, glycolic acid, mentha piperita (peppermint) oil, rosa damascena flower oil, citrus nobilis (mandarin orange) peel oil, melaleuca alternifolia (tea tree) leaf oil, lavandula angustifolia (lavender) oil, mentha virdis (spearmint) leaf oil, yucca schidigera root extract, panthenol, aloe barbadensis leaf juice, phytic acid, sodium hyaluronate, aminomethyl propanol, phenoxyethanol, ethylhexylglycerin    - made in the usa    **size**    - 6 oz  

browse urban outfitters for merchandise from the weeknd's album, trilogy. shop this collection of tees and hoodies or grab a vinyl for your record player.

stay cozy this fall and choose some of our dresses and cardigans at urban outfitters. find the perfect outfit to complete your fall activity of choice.